

Audience: (00:00)
USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA-

Donald Trump: (00:00)
Wow. Thank you.

Audience: (02:10)
… USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, [crosstalk 00:02:10]-

Donald Trump: (02:10)
Well, I want to thank Ohio for the incredible turnout, there’s thousands of people trying to get in, and all of the unbelievable, hardworking patriots who are here tonight at the very first rally of the 2022 election. We’re going to take back the House. We’re going to take back the Senate. With your help, we are going to defeat the radical Democrats. And we have no choice. You know that, right? We have no choice. And we’re going to elect an amazing slate of proud American first Republicans next year,

Donald Trump: (02:55)
America first. You never used to hear that expression, did you? You hear it plenty now. After just five months, the Biden administration is already a complete and total catastrophe. I told you, crime is surging. Murders are soaring. Police departments are being gutted. Illegal aliens are overrunning their borders. Nobody’s ever seen anything like it. Our poor borders, they were so perfect, they were so good.

Donald Trump: (03:32)
Drug cartels and human traffickers are back in business. Like they’ve never been before. They’re doing numbers that they’ve never even thought possible. And just a few short months ago, drugs were way down. Human trafficking was way down. It was all way down. They had to do is go away for a little while. It was beautiful.

Donald Trump: (03:55)
But the schools, when you take a look at schools, and you look at all of the things that happen, left-wing indoctrination camps, critical race theory is being forced on our military, gas prices are spiking, inflation is skyrocketing and China, Russia and Iran are humiliating our country.

Donald Trump: (04:22)
Joe Biden is destroying our nation right before our very own eyes. The number one priority for everyone who wants to save America is to pour every single ounce of energy you have into winning a gigantic victory in the midterms. And in 2024, together, we will send Joe Biden and the fake news media …

Donald Trump: (04:57)
There’s a lot of people back there. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Do you miss me? They miss me. They miss me. I know. They look at their bad ratings, and they’re saying, “We miss this guy.” I said it was going to happen. I was waiting for them to endorse me actually. I know that was a big step, but they’re going down the tubes. Their numbers are very bad.

Donald Trump: (05:32)
But together, we will send Biden and the media and all of the people that are so bad to our country, big tech tyrants, a message they cannot ever censor, cancel or ignore. We will take back the House, we will take back the Senate, and we will take back America, and we will do it soon. There is no more dire threat today than the crisis on our Southern border, other than perhaps our elections. That’s a dire threat. That’s probably the biggest threat of all. Isn’t it? What happened in the election, it’s a disgrace. But we’ll be talking about that, unless you’d rather not have me talk about it. Would you rather talk about it? I had a feeling.

Donald Trump: (06:28)
Immediately upon taking office Joe Biden deliberately and systematically through his people, because I don’t think he did it, dismantled America’s border defenses and incited a flood of illegal migrants like this country has never seen. They violated our laws from every single corner of the globe. They were invited in, and we can’t do that. We can’t afford it. We can’t have it. We can’t have people coming out of prisons. We have no idea who they are.

Donald Trump: (07:05)
Illegal border crossings are now up 976% since just a short few months ago. When I left office, we gave the new administration the most secure Southern border our country had ever seen by far. We ended the ridiculous catch and release. You know what that is. You catch them, and you release them into our country. A brilliant policy, and they’re back at that now. We ended asylum fraud. We built almost 500 miles of very beautiful, very successful wall that was working, and it would’ve …

Donald Trump: (07:52)
Oh, thank you. That’s a friend of mine. He’s a conductor. What a beautiful sound. By the way, I have to say, I have to say, just driving over here, it was a 30 minute drive from the airport. The farms, the houses, the lawns are all beautiful. It looks like you cut your lawns every day. You have no crime. You have no murders. You have no muggings.

Donald Trump: (08:23)
I said to a couple of the law enforcement people, who are phenomenal, by the way, I said, ” What are the crime stats here? Let me guess. There’s not a lot of it.” He said, “Sir, there isn’t.” But every lawn was so beautiful. Every farm was perfect. The barns were painted. The place is gorgeous. And thank you for letting us win on November 3rd, the great state of Ohio, in a record number, a record number. We won a lot of places that people haven’t figured out yet, but actually most of them have.

Donald Trump: (09:02)
We empowered ICE to do their jobs. We worked to cancel down on sanctuary cities. We did a number on sanctuary cities. We want to cancel sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities take care of many, many criminals. They’re very dangerous places. Even in California, they really want sanctuary cities out. But for some reason, the politicians don’t. Didn’t they send out 38 million ballots in California? I wonder what the real vote in California would be.

Donald Trump: (09:41)
And we crushed the very vicious thugs known as MS-13. Under my administration, when an illegal alien trespassed across our borders, we caught them. We detained them, and we rapidly threw them the hell out of our country. And we did it by the thousands.

Donald Trump: (10:07)
And once we got the word out, people didn’t come. It wasn’t really that big a deal, people just didn’t come. Once he came in and he said, We want everybody to come in,” oh, that was a disaster.

Donald Trump: (10:18)
By the way, not the numbers they report. Remember they’re fake news. You have millions of people coming into this country. You have millions of people coming into our country. We have no idea who they are. Joe Biden is doing the exact opposite as we did. His policies to make illegal immigration as easy as possible, instituting catch and release, ripping apart our asylum agreements, ordering a stop in … Could you see this? A stop order. Any contractors here? Do you ever get a stop order?

Donald Trump: (10:51)
We had the biggest stop order the world has ever seen. We stopped finishing the wall. We stopped working on the wall. Now they want to finish the wall. And the contractors are saying, “How much are you going to pay us?” They have to start all over again. I want to just congratulate those contractors. They’re going to make a fortune.

Donald Trump: (11:12)
They crippled ICE and the border patrol. I’ll tell you what, border patrol, these are incredible people, ICE. They’re incredible people. I wouldn’t want the job. I wouldn’t want it. You have some very tough people in this audience. I can’t see anybody that would do that job very well, let me just say. It’s a rough job. They run into a pack. They call it a pack. They run into a pack of MS-13, and they start swinging, and they start swinging heart. And in the end, they win. They’re tough. They’re smart. And you know what? They love our country. And somebody has to do that work.

Donald Trump: (11:49)
For the last three months, more than anything that you’ve ever seen, the illegal alien minors have arrived at our border. These are just wonderful kids. And they are coming in at levels that we’ve never seen. And then they’re sent around all over this country. All over the country, they’re sent. And right now, I just heard for the first time, who would even think it, but I heard for the first time they’re on suicide watch. So many of these young kids, they’re in suicide watch, all because of this stupid policy that you’ve been watching over the last few months. Kids are on suicide watch. Think of that.

Donald Trump: (12:32)
Biden has violated his constitutional oath, endangered our safety. And look, he surrendered our, really, if you think of it, no matter how you cover it, sovereignty. What he’s done to our nation is unthinkable in a short period of time. And I said that was going to happen. I said it was going to happen. We need a Republican Congress to shut down the lawless Biden agenda. And it is a lawless agenda. We have to defund his reckless immigration policies and restore our nation’s Southern border to where it was.

Audience: (13:29)
Four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, [crosstalk 00:13:45]-

Donald Trump: (13:44)
Thank you very much. Did you ever hear the expression that the vote-counter is sometimes much more important than the candidate? Did you ever hear that expression? Think about that, because what happened on November 3rd was a disgrace. On the evening of November 3rd, the election was over, and then all of a sudden things started closing down all over in certain states. Not in other states. Didn’t happen in Ohio, but it happened in certain swing states. And we took a massive victory they did into something that should never be allowed.

Donald Trump: (14:28)
Kamala Harris, your vice-president, only went to the border yesterday for the one simple reason, because I announced that I was going next [inaudible 00:14:43], and I am. At the request of [inaudible 00:14:50] border patrol, I’m going to the next week. Oh, if I didn’t do that, I don’t know if she was ever going to go. I really don’t know if it … Was she ever going to go? I don’t know.

Donald Trump: (14:58)
The radical left Democrats [inaudible 00:15:02] call it whatever you want is also contributing to massive crime. Other countries are emptying their prisons into the United States. You know that, right? They’re emptying, they’re opening their prisons. Why should they have these killers, these drug dealers, these traffickers? And they traffic in women, by the way, mostly. They traffic in women. Why should they have them? Why should they feed them? Why should they have to watch them? And they’re very dangerous. Let’s send them to the United States. We’ll put them in the caravans, and they’ll get in, because nobody even checks who’s coming into our country. It’s insanity. And it’s destroying our country, destroying our country.

Donald Trump: (15:46)
They are, they’re murders and drug dealers, and nobody’s ever seen anything like it, what’s happening. Just this month, a previously deported illegal alien in Massachusetts, with prior charges for murder and many other things, gunned down a man in broad daylight, shooting him viciously and violently, as he lay in the street, four times.

Donald Trump: (16:12)
Recently in Louisiana, great place, an illegal alien, who entered the country as an unaccompanied minor under Obama, was charged with hacking a woman and their 15-year-old sister into very small pieces with a machete and stabbing two other people to death. And right here in Ohio, a twice deported fugitive MS-13 gang member, the worst anywhere in the world, and we’ve taken out thousands and thousands and now they want to let them come back, he was charged with murder. He was discovered in Galloway after entering our country for a third time and bad things happened.

Donald Trump: (17:04)
And when I came up tonight, I had so many people, they said, “Could you do us a favor?” “What?” “Could you talk the snake?” You remember the snake? I used to use it on occasion. Not often. Does anybody want to hear the snake? You want to hear it? The snake, the snake. The snake. And this has to do with our border, wasn’t meant to be for the border. It was meant to be for other reasons, but this has to be really what’s happening to our border.

Donald Trump: (17:43)
And so many people said, “Please, please, you’re going to Ohio.” I don’t know the fact that I’m going to Ohio, why they want to talk about the snake, but it’s because of immigration. And it’s because of the borders and because Ohio sees it far better than most. Don’t you, huh? You understand what’s happening. The snake.

Donald Trump: (18:06)
On her way to work one morning down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored. Skin had been all frosted with the dew. “Poor thing,” she cried. “I’ll take you in, and I’ll take care of you,” to the snake. “Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in oh, tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake.

Donald Trump: (18:37)
She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night. And as soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she’d taken in had been fully, fully revived.

Donald Trump: (19:00)
” Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,” sighed that vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. “You’re so beautiful,” she cried, “But if I hadn’t brought you in by now, you truly would have died.” She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed him and held him tight. But instead of saying, “Thank you,” the snake gave her a vicious bite.

Donald Trump: (19:35)
“Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,” sighed vicious snake. “I saved you cried the woman, and you’ve been in me, but why? You know your bite is poisonous, and now I’m going to die.” “Shut up, silly woman,” said the reptile with a grin, “You knew well I was a snake before you took me in.”

Donald Trump: (20:17)
That’s the way it is. That’s the way it is. That’s the way it is. We’re taking in killers. We’re taking in all of these horrible people. Good people are coming in, but horrible, horrible people. Again, remember that term, they’re emptying their prisons. And if you were heading those countries, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, and many others, including middle Eastern countries, by the way, that’s how they come in. Remember the snake.

Donald Trump: (20:49)
In the Republican party, we do not believe that violent criminals should be welcomed into our country with open arms. We believe that they should be promptly deported or put behind bars. And that’s what I did during my administration at a level that nobody’s ever seen it.

Donald Trump: (21:09)
The radical left Democrats are doing everything possible to put your family in grave danger. I don’t know if they’re doing it out of naivete or are they doing it because they think it’s really good to have all these people coming into our country. But they are putting your family into a very, very bad position, releasing criminal aliens, defunding the police abolishing cash bail.

Donald Trump: (21:38)
Look at New York, what’s happened to our poor New York. Crime is through the roof. Never been anything like it. Murders through the roof. The police are doing so much, but they’re not given authority to do anything more. They want to solve the problem. New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, they have great police forces. They’re not allowed to do their job. And now they’re all leaving. That’s going to be a real problem when they realize we need them to help us, and they’re not going to be there any longer.

Donald Trump: (22:14)
They all try and take away your guns. And that’s what they’re doing. And if you remember, when I was campaigning against Joe Biden, I said, they’re going to take away your guns. Your Second Amendment is under siege.

Donald Trump: (22:25)
In Chicago, which is the single most dangerous city, large scale, has the strongest gun laws in the country, they even say the strongest gun laws in the world. And yet people are being shot by the thousands every year, worse than Afghanistan. How about that? Worse than Afghanistan, where, by the way, I started the process. All the troops are coming back home. They couldn’t stop the process.

Donald Trump: (22:53)
21 years is enough. Don’t we think? 21 years. They couldn’t stop the process. They wanted to, but it was very tough to stop the process when other things…yeah. Thank you. Thank you. It’s a shame. 21 years, by a government that wouldn’t last. The only way they last is if we’re there. What are we going to say? We’ll stay for another 21 years, then we’ll stay for another 50. The whole thing is ridiculous. So we’re bringing our troops back home from Iraq. We’re bringing troops come from Afghanistan. We brought them back home from Syria.

Donald Trump: (23:29)
Remember the thousands of troops we had on the border with Syria? Remember that? We had thousands of trips between Turkey and Syria. I said, “Wait a minute. This border has been here for a thousand years plus. We never did anything. Now, why are we doing it?” “Sir? Can’t do it. It’ll be war. It’ll be war.”

Donald Trump: (23:48)
I said, “Our troops are in grave danger.” You have two armies, and you have our troops in the middle. So I started bringing them home. And then we got down to 54 troops. And I said to one of the generals who was a good general, he wasn’t a woke general. Do you notice the woke generals we have? This was a real general. I said, “We have 54 men from 5,000. We have 54 men on the border. Are they in danger?” Said, “Sir, you have 54 men between two armies. They don’t have a chance. They’re going to be target practice.”

Donald Trump: (24:20)
I said, “Get them the hell out.” And everybody said, “What a terrible thing he did.” And you know what? That was three years ago. And nothing happened. They protect their own border. Pretty amazing, right? Pretty amazing. But you’ll never hear that from the fake news, or many other things that turned out to be right.

Donald Trump: (24:36)
If you care about the security of your family, if you care about the safety of your community, if you care about law and order, law and order in the great state of Ohio. Now you do. I met a lot of your law enforcement people outside. They’re incredible people. They’re patriots. They’re patriots. One of them came out …

Donald Trump: (25:03)
They’re Patriots. One of them came out, and I shouldn’t say this, but look, I met so many, but one of them came out. There’s tears in his eyes. This guy hasn’t cried in a very long time. But just in meeting because I represent what they want. They want law and they want order. And that’s what you want. That’s what this country wants. So you have to deliver massive majorities for Republicans in Congress. Next year, you have to do it right here in Ohio’s 16th congressional district, you have the opportunity to elect an incredible patriot to Congress who I know very well. He grew up in this area. Believe it or not, he’s not a carpetbagger, like so many. A lot of them say, “Sir, I’m running for Congress.”

Donald Trump: (25:51)
“Oh, good. How long have you lived there?”

Donald Trump: (25:52)
“Well, actually I moved there last week. I saw an opening.” Max Miller. You know Max? Great guy. He loves our country. He loves the people of Ohio. And Max was a trusted aide of mine in the White House. We had great people working for me. We had some real losers too, by the way. But that can happen when I didn’t know too many people. In Washington, I was there 17 times in my life, and all of a sudden the President of the United States. So we met a couple, but do I know the people? Do I know the good ones? I know the good ones. But we had some really great people. And Max was one of them. He did a fantastic job. He helped me with North Korea negotiation. And we did so much for Israel and Iraq and the G7, G20.

Donald Trump: (26:40)
We brought peace to the Middle East, if this guy would finish it. But now he’s going back to the Iran deal, which is going to destroy Israel, or there’s going to be a big war more likely. In Congress, Max will be tough on illegal immigration. He will be strong on crime, as strong as you can get. He will stand up to China, and he will protect Ohio jobs just like I did. Remember in Lima? Do you remember they were to close your tank plant, and I was president elect. I didn’t know anything about the tank plant, but I heard through a great gentleman. Did anybody ever hear of a man named Jim Jordan? Tremendous athlete, tremendous wrestler, all these wrestlers. They wanted to wrestle Jim, and they got their kicked every time. He hasn’t changed. Jim’s here by the way, so I’ll introduce him in a couple of minutes. But they wanted to close the tank plant.

Donald Trump: (27:45)
And I went to see it. Lima. I went to see it, and I couldn’t believe. Big, massive bled. The people that worked there were so talented. They have the turrets. I mean, the only thing you know about tanks is Dukakis, where he walked with the helmet. He wouldn’t have looked good in this tank either, but I see these tanks and I said to the guys, “Who’s going to make these? This is the only place in the country that made tanks. So I guess that means we’re going to have to buy them from China.” I said, “So who’s going to do this if you close this great facility?” The talent was incredible. The ball bearings that they made, every single one with love and with care, and that turret where you could flip it with your finger practically. It was just incredible technology. I said, “Who’s going to make our tanks?” And I ended that order. It was a stupid order. I ended it. And we now have that plant working overtime, making tanks and tanks and tanks. If we didn’t, you wouldn’t have a tank and believe it or not tanks are very important.

Donald Trump: (28:52)
Max’s opponent is a guy named Anthony Gonzales, who’s bad news. He’s a grandstanding RINO. Not respected in DC who voted for the unhinged, unconstitutional, illegal impeachment, witch hunt. The witch hunt. This guy used to call me and my people in the office, which said, “You know somebody named Gonzales?” I said, “No.”

Donald Trump: (29:20)
“He’s a Congressman from Ohio.” I said, “So what? Tell me about him. What’s his story?”

Donald Trump: (29:25)
“He wants to go to Ohio in Air Force One, because I was coming to Ohio.” I came to Ohio a lot. I feel very comfortable. I used to work in Ohio. I used to work in Cincinnati, Ohio. I love the queen city, Cincinnati. But he wanted to know if he could fly on Air Force One. With all the people in Congress, I think he was just about the only guy ever call. He heard I was going to Ohio. Could he fly back and forth in Air Force One.

Donald Trump: (29:50)
I said, “I don’t know. Who’s the guy? Tell me about him.” And I didn’t hear much good, but I said, “What the hell? He’s asking, so let them ride.” It holds like 400 people. So you put a guy in a seat, right? I didn’t get to know him too well, but I’d see him on the plane, and then I’d see him go back and then I’d be going three months later, and he’d call again. “Could I go to Ohio on Air Force One?” I put him on the plane. I rode him back. And the next thing I heard his name. Next time he was impeaching me.

Donald Trump: (30:19)
He was impeaching me. I don’t know. That’s not the reason I’m doing this, but I just thought it said, it’s a character trait that was not so good. Not so good. He’s a sellout. He’s a fake Republican and a disgrace to your state. I will tell you that. He’s not the candidate that you want representing the Republican Party. He’s the candidate of Liz Cheney. That’s another beauty. Liz Cheney. Mitt Romney. Do you notice the Democrats have horrible policy, right? Defund the police, open borders, sanctuary cities, all of their cancel culture. Let’s cancel out George Washington. You see that? They’re after George Washington now. I did say two years ago, they may go there. If you’re not strong, they going to go there. But he’s a candidate. He works. He likes Liz Cheney, Mitt Romney, Nancy Pelosi, Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: (31:25)
Earlier this year, Gonzalez voted to grant amnesty to illegal aliens. Okay? I thought we were trying to go the opposite way so that we can have our country back and have our borders back. He voted to keep our troops bogged down in Syria, and I got them out. We didn’t listen to them too much. Not too many people do. After he voted for impeachment, the Ohio GOP censured Gonzalez and remanded him to you know where, but they demanded that he resign and resign immediately, and he’s still hanging in there. Every single Republican needs to vote him out of office and nominate and vote for a really great guy, Max Miller, a passion. He’s got a passion for this country like you wouldn’t believe. Max, come on up and say, hello. This is your territory, Max. Max Miller.

Max Miller: (32:47)
All right. Let’s hear it for the 45th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. That’s right. And come 2024, we’re going to get them elected for the third time. That’s right, this guy. There is no greater fighter that this country has ever had, and I have never had a greater role model than President Donald J. Trump, period. Bar none. I need all of your help to get RINO, turncoat Tony out of office. And to help put an America first conservative into office for the 16th district. God bless you all. God bless President Trump. Thank you.

Donald Trump: (33:47)
Thank you, Max. Great guy. I can tell you.He’s a great guy. Also with us, another outstanding candidate for Congress. He’s right now, I just saw a poll. Max is doing great, and he’s doing great, and his race is very soon. He’s filling a seat, and I think he’s going to win. He’s going to win big. I see there’s like 12 candidates, and we endorsed them a couple of weeks ago and now he’s leading by a lot, and he’s a wonderful man. I’ve known him for a long time. Mike Carey. Mike, where are you, mike? Where’s Mike? Come here, Mike. Come here. Don’t keep them long, Mike, but say hello. So August 3rd, right Mike? August 3rd you’re running. Right? So that’s sooner than Max. Mike, you got to win, Mike.

Mike Carey: (34:36)
Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank all of you. With his endorsement, the America first agenda, we are now leading by double digits. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank all of you and God bless America.

Donald Trump: (35:00)
Thank you, Mike. He’s doing a fantastic job. He had a tremendous career, and he’s now doing this, and it’s going to be a big winner. Both of these people. This is what we need. We’re also thrilled to be joined by a person who’s actually loved. You don’t necessarily hear that. But she’s loved and respected, and she’s tough and smart and kind. And kind. And she’s got such great common sense. Representative Marjorie Taylor Green. Where is she? She’s a fighter. She’s a fighter.

Donald Trump: (35:50)
And another one, we just mentioned his name, but I’ll mention it again. Come up here, Jim Jordan, come up. Jim Jordan. This guy. You are so lucky to have him in Ohio. That’s all I can say. Come here, Jim.

Jim Jordan: (36:27)
Thank you, Mr. President. They’ve already heard from me. They want to hear from you. Mostly what they want is for you to run in 2024 and go back to the White House. Thank you all very much.

Donald Trump: (36:56)
Some of the congressmen and senators, Capitol Hill, they said, “You got to see this guy working out.” They work out. They’re not in good shape. They never were. They were never athletes or anything. And he was a champion, NCA champ. He was one of the greats, and he works out and they say, “You wouldn’t believe this guy. He burns out the machines.” The machines are catching. They’re like burning out. They’re smoking. But the reason he never wears a jacket, because he’s in great shape. Okay? He’s in great shape. I say, “Jim, you ever wear a jacket?” No, he feels comfortable this way. Me, I’d rather wear a jacket. Most of you I think would rather wear a jacket, but he’s a great person. He’s tough and he’s smart. And he’s incredible. So thank you both and Marjorie, thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you.

Donald Trump: (37:45)
North Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, who’s been terrific. Where’s Kristi? Thank you, Kristi. Doing a great job. Kristi called me two years ago. She said, “Sir, do you think we could have fireworks” at those magnificent faces. I love those faces. Do you think my face will ever be [inaudible 00:38:16]? They all said, “He wants it. No. Let’s leave it the way it is.” But she called, “Could we have fireworks?” Right? And I said, “What’s the problem?”

Donald Trump: (38:26)
“They won’t approve it.” The Democrats, they wouldn’t approve. For years and years and years. I said, “Is there anything that can burn?”

Donald Trump: (38:31)
“No.” You know, stone? I said, “What’s the problem?” They just won’t give it. So we gave it, and we had a night to remember, right? Remember that? That was something. And the Democrats just announced that they’re canceling it for the people of South Dakota. They’re canceling it. I don’t know. They’re canceling it. So you have some other alternatives, but nothing could be like those nights. Right? Nothing could be like those nights. It was so beautiful. It was so beautiful. They will not cancel that particular slab that is so beautiful, so incredible. They were talking about, “Let’s take it down.” No, they’re not going to do it. They’re talking about Thomas Jefferson. They want to take it down. We stopped that. We stopped that. But these people, they’re sickos. It’s no question about it. There’s a lot of sickness there. So Kristi, thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. And we’ll get the fireworks back. We’ll get those fireworks back. Okay?

Donald Trump: (39:33)
Great Mount Rushmore. County commissioners Michelle Hong and David Moore and my friend JJ and Jan Cafero. Great people. They’re great. Thank you. Thank you everybody, and thank you JJ, for being here. Thank you. Over the years, our movement achieved more than anyone thought possible. There’s never been anything like it. We passed record setting tax cuts, massive regulation cuts, which I think were even more important than tax cuts in terms of the economy. That’s what gave us that incredible base that they’re destroying slowly, but it was so strong. It has some momentum. Regulation cuts. Again, nobody’s ever seen anything and achieved American energy independence, which by next month will be gone. We’ll be buying our oil from the Middle East again, and we’ll be buying it from Russia. Remember Russia, Russia, Russia? We ended decades of disastrous trade deals. Withdrawing from the terrible Transpacific partnership, would have destroyed your businesses in Ohio and elsewhere. Replacing the NAFTA catastrophe with the brand new and unbelievably successful. You know why I knew it was good? Because Canada didn’t want it. Canada didn’t want it. Mexico didn’t want it either. President of Mexico, by the way. Great person. Great man, great guy. He’s doing a good job.

Donald Trump: (41:01)
But we did the USMCA, defending Ohio steel workers and standing up to China like never before. You wouldn’t have a steel industry if I didn’t do what we did. You would not have. They were dumping steel all over the place. Including making them pay tens of billions of dollars for the privilege of doing business in the USA. They never gave us 10 cents. And now they’re paying tens of billions, but Biden wants to end that. You want to see China take off? Take off those tariffs. Take off the taxes that we charged them.

Donald Trump: (41:37)
When the virus arrived, we produced three vaccines in record time, they said it would take three years to five years. We got it done in less than nine months. Record, record, record time. And we launched the fastest economic recovery anyone has ever seen. We really built the economy twice if you think about it. We built it twice. We set Joe Biden up so beautifully. All he had to do is go to the beach, Joe, go to the beach. Would have been so good. Instead, Biden is going to drive our economy and our country into ruin. Biden canceled the American Keystone XL pipeline and its 48,000 jobs for American workers. But he approved the Russian pipeline to Europe. That’s great. Remember they said, “Oh Trump, isn’t tough on Russia.” Really? I stopped the pipeline to Europe. I sanctioned them all over the place, and I had a good relationship with Putin, but that’s a good thing. That’s not a bad thing. That’s a good thing. That’s not bad. View that as good.

Donald Trump: (42:46)
And frankly had a great relationship also with President Xi of China, until we got hit with the virus. And then I couldn’t look at him quite the same way. Right? You can understand that. And we made a great trade deal that’s helping the manufacturers and the farmers like never before. Farmers have never done better because China is living up to that trade deal because they really sort of have to. It’s a tough deal, and we got it done, and a lot of people are benefiting. If you look at North Korea, right? Kim Jong-un, all of a sudden, he’s talking not nice. And he was talking very nice. I got along with him. I get along with everybody eventually. Eventually. Sometimes it just takes a little bit longer. But getting along with these people, that’s a good thing. Remember President Obama said, “We’re going to war with North Korea.” He said, “It’s virtually inevitable.” We didn’t go to war with North Korea. We didn’t go to war.

Donald Trump: (43:42)
And we don’t want to go to war with North Korea. 9,000 miles away. We didn’t want to go, but we did a good job, and the relationship that I have with him even to this day is a very good relationship, and that is a good thing. And there’s some I don’t like too. Some of them that take advantage of us that you wouldn’t even think. Canada was very tough on the United States in trade for a long time, until we came along. Other countries in Europe, you take a look at what they do. We protect them militarily. But they’re very, very tough on us in trade. “How many Chevrolets are sold in Berlin?” I asked, and they said, “Oh, we don’t believe any.” I said, “That’s exactly right.” No, no countries that you wouldn’t think, they take advantage of us like you wouldn’t believe.

Donald Trump: (44:25)
But Biden, reentered the job killing Paris climate accord, which will devastate Ohio oil and gas. Devastate and close large numbers of countries. It’s trillions of dollars of damage is going to be done. I ended it, and I couldn’t believe it. I said, “This is going to be a tough day.” BEcause it’s such a nice name. The Paris environmental accord. How nice is that, right? And I ended it. I said, “I’m going to get killed.” Everybody loved it when I ENDED it, everybody loved it. But we have to pay trillions. He put us immediately back without even negotiating. Just the same horrible deal. China doesn’t kick in for many years. Russia doesn’t kick in. India doesn’t kick in. But we kick in.

Donald Trump: (45:10)
He’s pushing trillions of dollars in new spending and the largest tax hike in history. He’s putting onto the American people and American industry. It’s going to be devastated. He puts America last. We put America first. It’s very simple. Very, very simple. And we rebuilt our military, and we did so much. Even right to try. I always mention, many people are being saved with right to try. The FDA is slow as hell. I wouldn’t say they love me too much. I pushed them very hard. But now if people are dying, they’re terminally ill. Instead of going to Asia, to Europe, to other countries to try and live, which was not very successful because we have the greatest doctors, scientists, and labs in the world. Now if somebody is terminally ill, and we have a cure that we think could be worked out good, but it’s going to take four years, five years, they sign a document, and they go and they take this new medication, whatever it may be. And it’s been unbelievably successful. They’ve been trying to get it approved for 45 years.

Donald Trump: (46:20)
We got it approved. But many, many things. What we’ve done for the vets, we had a 92% approval rating with the vets. 92%. nobody’s ever had a rating like that. We turned it all around. Under our administration, America was respected again. We were respected by other countries. You don’t have these things that we already talked about. You wouldn’t have had them go on if the election were not rigged. You wouldn’t have that happening. They wouldn’t be shooting thousands of missiles into Israel and all of the other things that we talk about, and many of that, we’re not going to talk about because we don’t have three nights. We have one beautiful night. It’s windy as hell up here, I will tell you that, but it’s beautiful. I brought this hat along just in case. Here. Just in case. But it is windy as hell up here.

Donald Trump: (47:19)
We stood up to the enemies of America. We withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal, which was tremendous. Remember all the money, $150 billion dollars, and 1.8 billion in cash. 1.8 billion. Think of that crazy deal. And now he wants to make it again. We would have had a deal done with Iran in one week, had the election not been rigged and stolen. One week. It would have been done. And other things would have been done too. We were set up so beautifully and now all of it’s going down the tubes because they don’t know what the hell they’re doing.

Donald Trump: (47:58)
We wiped out ISIS. You remember that? ISIS, you remember? ISIS was taken out all over the middle East. With the real generals, the real generals, we wiped out ISIS. We knocked them out. We killed al-Baghdadi the founder of ISIS who was trying to build it again. And Qasem Soleimani, gone. He is the father of the roadside bomb that killed so many of our soldiers. He’s gone. He’s gone. He was killed.

Donald Trump: (48:28)
We fully rebuilt the United States military. Created space force. Everybody laughed. Everybody laughed. Remember when the press secretary with the extremely red hair, remember what she said? She laughed at when space force was benching. She laughed. Remember that? And she got decimated by everybody when she laughed, because we need space force. Russia’s up there, big league. And China’s up there, big league. And we were just sitting around watching them. And now we have overtaken them in space. It’s great. It’s great. Already. During my term, but they’ll blow that.

Donald Trump: (49:10)
And we got our allies to pay their fair share when it came to our defending them and NATO, I got $430 billion from them. They weren’t paying. I said to other countries, nice countries, but why should they pay if we’re not asking? I said, “You’re delinquent.” Like a real estate deal. ” You’re delinquent.” They said, “Would you leave if we don’t pay?” I said, “Yes,” because I have to say that. If I said no, they’re not going to pay, right? We got $430 billion. We were paying, in my opinion, close to a hundred percent of the defense of European nations who, excuse the language, screw us on trade. So they take advantage of us on trade, and we defend them for nothing. And in the case, Germany, Germany pays Russia billions and billions of dollars for-

Donald Trump: (50:03)
… Russia, billions and billions of dollars for the Pipeline. And yet, we defend them against Russia. I said to Angela, who I like a lot, actually. I get along with her, actually, good. I got along with her very good. But she’s tough and she’s smart. And she takes advantage of the United States. I said, “So Angela, we defend you from a country that you’re giving billions and billions of dollars to a month. How does that work Angela?” And she just smiled. She just smiled. She knows.

Donald Trump: (50:31)
We recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. And at the same time recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. We were working on that for 54 years. And we made historic peace deals in the Middle East that nobody thought were even possible. And frankly, if we were there, I think we’d have it totally wrapped up, but I don’t see any signs of progress with these people. In fact, they want to go back to negotiating with Iran. It’s just not even believable.

Donald Trump: (51:06)
But now Joe Biden is squandering all of this hard-earned respect that we have, or had. Bowing down to America’s enemies and embarrassing our country on the world stage. You saw that, it was an embarrassment. And yet the fake news said, “He reminded me of FDR.” I’ll never forget it. I watched. I watched the semi-State of the Union, it was sort of a weird State of the Union.

Donald Trump: (51:39)
Nancy Pelosi had the single largest mask I’ve ever seen on a human being. It’s true. It’s the biggest. She had a mask that went up to here. I don’t know if it was three masks or one, but it was the biggest mask I’ve ever seen. But I’ll never forget. I watched. And I said, “that’s said.” I said, “He’s going to be killed by the media.” Then I turned on to fake news: CNN and MSDNC and they said… Fox hasn’t been so great either. Have they?

Audience: (52:11)
No! Boo!

Donald Trump: (52:16)
And they said… I thought he was just going to get… It was a terrible evening. And honestly, if I do a bad speech, I’ll tell you it was a bad… that’s okay. But I don’t do bad speeches. Do I? Do I? I don’t think so. No. Actually my best speeches, I get the best reviews when I don’t use these suckers. They’re too easy. Especially when they’re blowing in the wind, great job fellas, by the way, you really made them nice. I got this teleprompter that is waving like the American flag, proudly. Great job. Great. Sometimes you have no choice to just wing it. You have to wing it because you have a teleprompter that’s moving so rapidly. But, I watched his speech that he made and I said, “Man, he’s going to get just decimated. This thing is a disaster.” I turned onto a couple of the competing networks, call them. And they’re saying, “Not since FDR, has there been a speech like this.” FDR, I thought he had a magnificent presence, right? He would sit up there and his voice was beautiful and booming and elegant. And you remember so many of his phrases, right? “The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself.” It was so beautiful. Think of that, the way it was said, you always remember it. You can’t forget it. “The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself.” Okay. And they were comparing Biden to FDR. They are fake. They are so fake and so pathetic. And there’s so many of them up there. There’s so many of them.

Audience: (53:54)
Boo! Boo!

Donald Trump: (54:02)
And they’re hurting our country very badly. Honestly, they’re hurting our country because they’re not real. They’re not real.

Audience: (54:08)
CNN sucks! CNN sucks! CNN sucks!

Donald Trump: (54:21)
Thank you. Thank you very much. Are we having a good time, by the way?

Audience: (54:25)
Yeah!

Donald Trump: (54:28)
You know, the subject matter is somewhat depressing, in all fairness. Because what happened to us on November the third, should never, ever happen again. Should never be allowed to happen again. Biden and the Democrats are weak on China, weak on Iran, weak on trade, weak on the economy and weak on everything else, except for weaponizing law enforcement to go after Republicans. Right? That’s the only thing they’re strong on.

Donald Trump: (54:54)
Shortly after taking office, Joe Biden even canceled the US government investigation into the origins of the virus in a China lab. Do you remember when I said it comes out of Wuhan, it comes out of the lab? They went crazy. Now they’re saying, “Most likely it came out of the Wuhan lab.”

Donald Trump: (55:16)
Unlike Biden, I believe that China owes the world and the United States trillions and trillions of dollars and they have to pay. They have to pay. And as you can see, and you’ve seen over the last three weeks, the media and the Democrats are now admitting that I was right about everything. The election is over, now we won the election anyway, but the election’s over, so they don’t care. They don’t care. Now they’re saying, “Well, he was right about these things.” That’s all right. Big deal. Right? Big deal.

Donald Trump: (55:53)
They lied about so many things before the election. And it’s not only what they said, it’s also what they didn’t say. Like Hunter, remember? Where’s Hunter? The virus came from a Chinese lab. Hydroxychloroquine actually works. Remember? Remember?

Donald Trump: (56:16)
I made a mistake on hydroxy. I should have said, “Hydroxychloroquine is a disaster. Please do not use it.” They would have said… Instead I said, “It works,” and now reports are coming out that it works. They probably destroyed a lot of lives. Hunter Biden’s laptop was real. That was an easy one. Wasn’t it? Lafayette Square was not cleared for a photo op. It wasn’t. They tried to burn down the church the day before, we got lucky to stop them. They tried. The basement was on fire.

Donald Trump: (56:49)
The Russian bounty story was a total fake by these guys. Look, the cameras are starting to go off. Oh, the cameras are going off. I better speak fast. Those cameras are going off. They don’t like this. They don’t like this speech. You have the nice red light at the beginning of the camera, that thing was lit up. All of a sudden those suckers are off so fast. Don’t worry. They’ll go back. You know why they go back? Because they get great ratings when we do these things. They’ll go back. They’ll wait until this section is over. They don’t want to talk about certain things. You know what they especially don’t want to talk about? The election of 2020, because it’s just too easy, too close to home.

Donald Trump: (57:31)
The first vaccine was known to be effective before the election.

Audience: (57:36)
Trump won! Trump won! Trump won!

Donald Trump: (58:02)
Remember when they wouldn’t report that the vaccine was effective before the election? Right after the election, oh, the big vaccine story, it was the greatest thing ever. But before, they wouldn’t report it, they wouldn’t report it. Blue state lockdowns don’t work, they didn’t want to talk about it. And our children should be back in school. They don’t want to talk about that either.

Donald Trump: (58:23)
We were also right about Joe Biden and the Democrats extremism on open borders, on socialism, on taxes, on energy, on the Green New Deal hoax. That’s the next hoax. You have the crime of the century, which I consider to be the election of 2020. I consider that, because you look at all the people that are dying on the border, you look at all of the bad things that are happening to our country, I consider it to be the crime of the century.

Donald Trump: (58:52)
But the Green New Deal is a crime because it’s a total con job. Everybody knew this during the campaign, but the fake news media refused to talk about it because they will say and do anything to destroy our great MAGA movement, which is a movement based on strength and peace and law and order. And above all else, it’s a movement based on common sense. It’s common sense. There’s never been a movement like it. There has never been.

Donald Trump: (59:28)
Over the years, I’ve seen people, if they did fairly well in a primary 30 years ago, they become stars, fairly well. We won the election twice. And it’s possible we’ll have to win it a third time. It’s possible.

Audience: (59:42)
USA! USA! USA!

Donald Trump: (01:00:06)
A certain reporter said to me, not on our side, this is a very liberal person, but sort of an honest person said to me, “You know, I’ve been covering elections for a long time. Long, long time. I’ve never seen anything like the election of 2020. You had 58 rallies. The average crowd had to be 25, 30…” Look at tonight. Look at this. This is not even election territory, other than you got to get Mike and Max in there. And Max is going to be in a little while longer. Mike, don’t forget August 3rd. But think of it. Think of it. He said, “I’ve never seen anything like it where you’d have a rally some days on one day notice and you’d have 30, 40, 50,000.” Butler, Pennsylvania, 58,000 people in a couple of days, right?

Donald Trump: (01:00:54)
And were up by so much. And then the next day they say, “Trump lost Pennsylvania.” Not possible, not possible. We had 58,000 people in a beautiful, small community in Pennsylvania show up on a couple of days notice, right? Showed up.

Donald Trump: (01:01:11)
And then they say like, “Biden’s coming to town,” and they have eight circles, right? And they can’t fill them. So they go back and they get the fake news. “Could you please stand in a circle?” And they get reporters to stand in them. And then they say, “Trump lost Pennsylvania.” No, I don’t think so. I don’t think so. I don’t think so. I think all you have to do is look at every stat. And it’s all coming out now, you know? And people are coming forward. People are coming forward like never before. You’re seeing what’s happening or you soon will see what’s happening. But think of it, 75 million voters, the same reporter said, “It was incredible. Whether you’re on your side or the other side, we’ve never seen anything like it. Never seen anything like it.”

Donald Trump: (01:01:58)
He said, “What was the difference between 2016 when you won? And 2020 when you lost?” I said, “The difference was we did much better the second time.” It’s true. I was told that we got 63 million votes, right? I was told that if we get 65, by the best pollster, one of the great pollsters, you have a few of them that are really good. But John McLaughlin. He said, “Sir, if you get 65 million, if you go up two…” Now, most presidents go down. Obama went down, he went down much lower the second time, he got fewer votes the second time, far fewer. And I understand that, that’s the way it works. But we went up 12 million. But I was told if we go up two million, we win. We went up 12 million and we so-called lost, but we didn’t lose, we didn’t lose. We didn’t lose.

Donald Trump: (01:02:49)
But I said, the big difference is that we did much better the second time. And think of it. 63 million compared to almost 75 million. And don’t forget that 75 million, what’s the real number? With all of the shenanigans. What’s the real number? The socialist Democrats see this better than anyone else. They know exactly what went on and they don’t want to talk about it. They don’t want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: (01:03:18)
You know what’s interesting? Hillary Clinton can complain about the election, by the way, she is the single most unhappy person in the United States because she said, “Why didn’t you do that for me? Why didn’t you create votes for me?” Because she said, “I was much closer.”

Audience: (01:03:37)
Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!

Donald Trump: (01:03:47)
Bad things. Bad, bad things. Why didn’t you create a… for Hillary Clinton? I do ask that question. Actually, the truth is we got them by surprise in 2016 and in 2020, they planned for four years. They said, “This is not going to happen again.” They planned it out. Earlier this year, the Biden administration issued new rules, pushing twisted, critical race theory into classrooms across the nation and also into our military. Our generals and our admirals are now focused more on this nonsense than they are on our enemies. You see these generals lately on television? They are woke. They’re woke.

Donald Trump: (01:04:32)
Our military will be incapable of fighting and incapable of taking orders. You’re going to tell some private, “Private, stand up. You stand up right now.” “I’m not standing up. You can’t talk to me that way, General.” We’re going to have a whole different ball game here. I don’t know how they’re going to work that out. The private’s going to tell the general, “Don’t you ever speak to me that way, General, I’ll kick your ass.” That’s our military. That’s where we’re going. Woke. I know some of these guys, boy, they change quickly. They went right over to the other side. I heard that about a couple of them. The military brass have become weak and ineffective leaders and our enemies are watching and they’re laughing.

Donald Trump: (01:05:18)
We need a Republican Congress to ban critical race theory. I had it banned through executive order and it was fine. And then when we didn’t get in, they immediately re-instituted it, but where’s it all gone? But they have to get it out of our schools and they have to ban it in our workplaces and ban it in our states and ban it in federal agencies and ban it in our military, maybe most importantly.

Donald Trump: (01:05:46)
In addition, if government run schools are going to teach children to hate our country and racism, racism, racism, parents must be given the power to opt out of the horrible, horrible schools. They’re being forced to send their kids to these schools and we have to provide school choice. And we were a long way to getting it.

Donald Trump: (01:06:09)
The radical left is trying to rip our nation apart and there is no depth to which they will not sink. You’ve seen it. You’ve seen it and you’ve seen it strongly. Just can’t have it. There’s no better example that the election that we talk about and talk about, so proudly, because we did so well, the 2020 presidential election, was rigged. We won the election in a landslide. You know it, I know it. And you know who else knows it? The fake news knows it.

Donald Trump: (01:06:43)
Democrats and their allies in big tech and in the fake news media viciously did everything possible to deny our victory and to delay the count until they could figure out how many votes were needed to drag Joe Biden across the finish line. You know that. Now they sensor, conceal and smear you. If you look into the election today, and I saw the other day where they were saying, “We are going to look into the election.” I said, “That’s great.” No, they’re not looking into that. They’re looking into the people that want the truth. They’re not looking into the election. The election was the lie. That was the big lie. They talk about the big lie. They always say, “While it is totally disproven…” Every sentence. Like every sentence they say… Well, I would say no, it’s totally disproven in the opposite way. But the big lie is what took place on the evening. And the morning, November 3rd, November 4th, November 5th. And they know it and they don’t want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: (01:07:48)
Have you ever noticed, though, I was going to say, so Hillary Clinton’s allowed to talk about it, right? Stacey Abrams. She said she won for governor. By the way, we might’ve been better if she did win for governor of Georgia, if you want to know the truth, we might’ve had a better governor if she did win. But Stacey Abrams goes around saying she won the election. Nobody says anything. Hillary Clinton says she won the election. Nobody says anything. I say we won the election. “That’s terrible. That’s terrible.”

Donald Trump: (01:08:20)
Isn’t it a terrible situation? All these geniuses are running for office and they’re doing good. And we’re going to introduce them in a couple of seconds and we’re having a good time and we’ll just keep it going. Should we keep it going or get there hell out of here?

Audience: (01:08:33)
Yeah!

Donald Trump: (01:08:35)
For the first time in history, they mass mail tens of millions of absentee ballots and ballot applications to every person on the rolls, dead or alive, legal or illegal, resident or non-resident, of our country. They installed millions of dollars worth of illegal, unmanned dropboxes. How about these dropboxes where they were 96% for Joe Biden? The vote was 96 for Biden and some of them showed up very, very late. They say, “Where are they?” Oh, they come the next day. 96% for Biden.

Donald Trump: (01:09:09)
And you know, I was told that you can give $5,600, but Zuckerberg gave $500 million to all of this stuff. Now that’s legal, right? That’s legal? I don’t think so. And the whole lockbox scam. That’s another thing. That’s just one of many things they did. In fact, what happened here is what the State Department used to criticize in communist countries, illegal use of absentee ballots. They went after them very strongly.

Donald Trump: (01:09:37)
Opposition observers ejected. They would take the opposition observers like they did in Detroit and they did in Atlanta and they did in Philadelphia where you had more votes than you had voters. Other than that, it was a very good election. But you had more votes than you had voters. Other than that, it was wonderful.

Donald Trump: (01:09:59)
But they did a North Korean style turnout. This is what they talked about. Illegally altered vote tabulation data. All of these things, this is what they used to talk about. These things happen, they said, in Ukraine in 2004. Now to a large extent, they happened here. We’ll prove it. We’ll be out there fighting.

Donald Trump: (01:10:22)
You have incredible American patriots. You have incredible American patriots. I saw one here, I didn’t even know he was coming. Where is Mike? The pillow man? Where is it? I saw him. Mike Lindell.

Audience: (01:10:47)
Mike! Mike! Mike!

Donald Trump: (01:11:06)
It’s amazing. He’s out there fighting. He is a patriot and he’s got people fighting with them. They are really patriots. And I think on behalf of… Look at the crowd, they’re going up. I’m not sure that even Jim got as big a hand as you, okay? But they’re going up. Look at this crowd, going as far as the eye can see, and they’re all giving you a standing ovation. So we appreciate it, Mike. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: (01:11:32)
But as many, many people will tell you, including the gentleman that spoke before you this evening, I understand, there’s just mountains of evidence, including on camera, in the middle of the night, when ballots were pulled from under the tables. You saw that? After Republican poll watches were kicked the hell out of the counting rooms, you saw that? With the woman with the tables? They said, “There’s a massive water main leak. Everybody leave.” They all ran out for their lives. They ran out so fast. And then this group of people came in and they started stuffing the ballot boxes. That’s all it was. It’s a terrible thing. That was in Georgia, where they said everything was so wonderful.

Donald Trump: (01:12:17)
And by the way, now they’re saying they’re going to delete over a hundred thousand names. I said, “Why the hell didn’t you delete them before the election? Not after the election?” Why didn’t they do that? Why didn’t they do it before the election? Ballots were wheeled in through back doors in swing states days after the election. They had no idea that we were going to win by this much. They thought it was going to be a close election and then all of a sudden they see these massive numbers in Pennsylvania.

Donald Trump: (01:12:48)
I hear now that Wisconsin is looking very, very seriously, and I respect Wisconsin so much. It’s a great state. They’re looking very seriously. Pennsylvania is really starting to take this very seriously. And Michigan is not. You can’t get those Republicans, some are great, by the way, but Michigan is not doing the job. They’re right by you. How do you win Ohio by so much, record numbers, and lose Michigan? There’s one way I can tell you. There’s one way. But the rhinos in Michigan Senate are not doing anything. So I think the people are really starting to push them very strongly. But I want to thank Pennsylvania. I want to thank Wisconsin. They’re really starting to move and they don’t like what they’re seeing.

Donald Trump: (01:13:40)
In Montana, over six percent of a certain county’s mail-in ballots are missing, evidence to prove if they were legitimate or not, they’re missing all of this evidence and think of it, Montana. A lot of mail-in ballots. Wherever you have the mail-in ballots, by the way, did you see the fraudulent votes in New York City for the congressional race? I actually think that the woman Democrat lost, okay, but they were weeks and weeks, they couldn’t figure it out. They were all gone. I could figure it out. But those mail-in ballots are treacherous, the way they can manipulate them, get rid of them, lose them.

Donald Trump: (01:14:20)
The affidavits from hundreds and hundreds of poll workers and poll watchers and witnesses across the country were signed under penalty of perjury, but they were silenced and never ever heard in court because many of our judges were gutless. And our Supreme Court, I must say, I am ashamed of our Supreme Court. I’m ashamed. They were not allowed to be seen or be used.

Donald Trump: (01:14:49)
And I won 18 out of 19 bellwether counties, when that happens, you win. When that happens, you win. If you win Ohio, and if you win Florida, you win. If you win Ohio and you win Florida…

Donald Trump: (01:15:02)
… win. If you win Ohio and you win Florida and you win Iowa and all by big numbers, big, big win in Florida, all by big numbers. When that happens, nobody’s ever lost. Nobody’s ever lost. This was the scam of the century and this was the crime of the century.

Donald Trump: (01:15:21)
We swung to the previously democrat Starr County on the border of Texas. Gained a half million votes in Los Angeles County and doubled my vote total in a place called the Bronx because we did great with Hispanics. And we did great with the African American community, but it didn’t matter that much. Vote counting is an amazing thing. And yet we’re told Joe Biden, who couldn’t fill 12 circles in a high school gym got 81 million votes.

Donald Trump: (01:15:54)
You know, the 75 is the largest vote in the history of our country for a sitting president, right? No president has ever gotten anywhere even close to that number. One poll manager, who worked in Fulton County, Georgia for two decades, said that she witnessed thousands and thousands of counterfeit ballots for Joe Biden with identical photocopied markings. They were all identical. They were all done identically. How does that happen? She was pressured to drop her claim and then she was fired very, very viciously.

Donald Trump: (01:16:27)
Instead of hearing evidence from election fraud experts RINOs in Michigan are calling for sham investigations to shut down. “Shut it down immediately,” say these RINO Republicans. Shut it down immediately. Even though Detroit is perhaps the single most corrupt election area in the United States. You heard what happened there. The number of votes and the number of voters and these guys say, “Shut it down.” Somebody’s going to have to say, “Why do they want to shut down?” 55% of voters support election audits.

Donald Trump: (01:17:03)
And again I want to thank the brave Republican senators in the State of Arizona for what they’re doing. Because they saw what was happening, and I have nothing to do. What’s going to happen is they are going to issue a report at sometime in the not too distant future and it will be very interesting to see. But that’s them doing it, this is the State Senate of Arizona. Let’s see how that comes out, but I guess it’s going to be coming out very, very soon. And a lot of states have gone to watch them and they’ve come away with praise, real praise. So let’s see how that turns out. Arizona, it’s a big deal.

Donald Trump: (01:17:44)
And a lot of things are happening now in the State of Georgia with all of the cancellation and all of the things that they’re doing and all of the votes that they’re taking out of the system and all of the dead people that they’re finding. These are dead. Some of the dead people requested an application and then voted. Even 30% of Democrats think there was cheating in the election and 78% of the Republicans think there was major, major cheating. Think of that.

Donald Trump: (01:18:16)
How do you have a government? You got to solve this problem because you can’t have a country … you know, I say, you need borders. Can’t have a country without borders. Well, you can’t have a country that’s not going to have elections that are real and free. And people have to know that they’re real and free. Otherwise you don’t have a country. You don’t have a country. Our government spent four years and $48 million on a fabricated witch hunt about Russia, Russia, Russia.

Donald Trump: (01:18:46)
Hillary Clinton’s the one that paid for it. You believe it? She paid for it. Her and the DNC. Think of the DNC. They paid for it. And after years they learned, how about this, four years, went on from the day I came down to the escalator with our great former first lady, from the day I came down. And at the end, they said, “No collusion.” Friend of mine called up and said, “You have to be the most honest person in history.” They spent $48 million. They had 18 angry democrats, really angry democrats. And they got nothing. Pretty amazing, right?

Donald Trump: (01:19:26)
I have friends that say they couldn’t have done that. But now if you question an election and you fight for the Constitution, like the greatest mayor in the history of the city of New York, Rudy Giuliani, they cancel your law license. Radical left-wing democrats, they cancel your law license and the FBI agents go and raid your home like they did to Rudy Giuliani. Think of it, he was the greatest mayor in the history of the city. He took a city that was almost as bad as it is now with crime and he solved the problem and he made it a hot, great place. And this is the way they treat him. It’s a very, very sad and very, very dangerous time for our country.

Donald Trump: (01:20:16)
This corrupt establishment is censoring, blacklisting, and persecuting people who call them out on their flagrant lies and deceit like the results of the election, people are getting called out for. But they don’t, again, they don’t question people with Hillary and they don’t question many other people that, falsely claim, because I say that’s real falsely claim. She couldn’t even get back in. And we have big back in. We have a big, big group of people and good people, patriotic people.

Donald Trump: (01:20:48)
The biggest tragedy of all is millions of Americans have lost confidence in their vote. We can’t let that happen. And that’s why I say you have to know what took place in 2020, before you can vote in 2022 or 2024. You have to know. You know, I have a lot of friends, I have a lot of friends, great people and patriots, and they love me and everything is good. They say, “President, don’t look back, look forward. You’re leading in every poll. You’re going to win the election so big in ’24. Don’t look back.” And you know what I say? You have to look back. You have to look back. We won the election in 2020. Who the hell knows what’s going to be in 2024. We won’t even have a country left. We’re not going to have a country left. And if we don’t figure it out, we’re not going to be in a position to win in 2022 or 2024. We’ll never stop fighting for the true results of this election. And it’s moving along rapidly, whether it’s Democrats or RINOs who stand in our way.

Donald Trump: (01:22:00)
And you know, in many cases, the RINOs are worse than the democrats. They think they can run our country like a dictatorship, but the American people are very smart, courageous, and unafraid. And we Will not let that happen. We can’t. We can’t. Remember, I’m not the one trying to undermine American democracy. I’m the one that’s trying to save American democracy. It’s true. Republicans across the country are uniting around a plan to fully secure every future election with a voter ID. Now, all of a sudden the democrats, they fought it for years. Now it’s a 90% issue in the polls and the democrats, “Well, we always liked voter ID.” Do you believe this one? They always liked voter ID for the first time. Universal signature verification, citizenship confirmation, chain of custody, integrity controls, updated voter rolls. Which are just terrible. It’s just terrible. The voter rolls. Illegal aliens allowed to vote. Strong protection of poll watchers. In Philadelphia, in Detroit, they literally harassed innocent republican poll watches the hell out of a building. For days and days and days as this election went on. It was a terrible thing they did. Illegal dropboxes and restoring the time honored tradition of in-person voting on election day. What’s wrong with that? What’s wrong with that? They used COVID in order to cheat. They used COVID in order to rig the election and in order to steal the election. They used COVID, that’s as simple as it gets. With the help of everyone here tonight and patriots all across the country, we will do all that we are supposed to be doing and much more when we win giant Republican majorities next year.

Donald Trump: (01:24:15)
Also with us tonight, by the way, are some of the great people running for the senate. Mike Gibbons. Mike, thank you very much, Mike. Jane Timken, great job at the Republican Party. Jane, where’s Jane? Jane, thank you, Jane. Great job. Bernie Mareno. Bernie, thank you very much. Thank you, Bernie. And Mrs. Mareno, Thank you very much. And Josh Mendel. Thank you, Josh.

Donald Trump: (01:24:48)
Hey, do you want to take a poll? Ready? Who likes Jane Timken? Who likes Josh Mandel? What about Gibbons? Who likes Gibbons? I think we’ll get out of this poll stuff. We’ll get out. We’ll get out. But they’re great people. They’re working hard. I do love those polls though. Those polls usually turn out to be very accurate. And you know, you have a guy running, Tim Ryan. He’s a disaster. He’s a stiff. He’s a total stiff. Between him and his counterpart with the lover from China, got a Chinese lover who happens to be a spy, right? Eric Swalwell. How about Swalwell?

Donald Trump: (01:25:48)
Is he the worst? Between him … think of it. Shifty Schiff, they walk out. “We will take strong action against President Trump for his relationships with Russia.” I’m saying, “What the hell do I have to do with Russia?” I’m trying to figure it out. These people are really dishonest people. Tim Ryan is a disaster. He’s a guy who failed Ohio and his district. He couldn’t even get the vote that he needed in his own district in the last election. He’s laughed at all over Washington. He’s disrespected in Washington. He talks about workers. All the time he’s talking about workers, but he does nothing for the worker. It was all of the things that I did. My trade deals, my tariffs, my energy policies, my reduced taxes and regulations, and everything else. That’s what happened to our workers in this country and that’s why we came up with numbers the likes of which … we had 160 million people working, there’s never been anything like it.

Donald Trump: (01:26:48)
In 2020, I became the first Republican since Ronald Reagan to win a place called Lorain County. Has anyone ever heard of it? Has anyone ever heard of it? Next year, the Republican red wave is going to begin right here with a republican congress. We will fight for more jobs for Ohio families, fair trade for Ohio workers, and more Ohio factories forging more products stamped with that beautiful, beautiful phrase “Made in the USA”. Made in the USA. We will stand up to China, make them pay trillions in reparations and ensure that America, not China, dominates the future. We will defend American sovereignty. We will secure America’s borders and we will end illegal immigration, that dangerous, horrible term once and for all. We will break up big tech monopolies, reject left wing cancel culture, and we will restore the right to free speech in America.

Donald Trump: (01:28:08)
We will protect innocent life. We will defend our constitution and we will proudly upheld Judeo Christian values and principles of our nation’s founding. We will care for our veterans, continue to strengthen our military, and give our police offices, border patrol, ICE, and law enforcement of all kinds 100% support. There will be no defunding. We will restore patriotic education to our schools and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. No matter how powerful the sinister forces we are up against may seem, and they do look powerful and they get more powerful as we get weak. And we got weak over the last five months. Very, very pathetic and very, very, weak. We must never forget this country does not belong to them. It belongs to you, the American people. This is your home. This nation is your heritage. And our magnificent American liberty is your God given right. The people of this land will not be ruled and talked down to by corrupt politicians, petty tyrants, left-wing bullies, or socialist bureaucrats in a place called Washington DC. It’s not going to happen. Our ancestors are the people that crossed an ocean for the right to live and pray and speak as they saw fit. They are the people who risked everything. They risked everything. Think of what, you’re here and you’re generally happy, not necessarily 100% because of what took place, but they are the people who risked their lives to boldly declare their independence and then defeated the most powerful military on earth to win their freedom. Brave, incredible, brilliant people. And our ancestors are the people who tamed the great wilderness, settled a vast continent, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, and poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to build this country into the greatest nation in the history of the world and were not going to let it go. We will respect our heroes like George Washington and Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson. They will not be taken from us. America is still the nation that conquered the Wild West, that vanquished the murderers, dictators that ended the evil empires. And that sent a brave young man from Ohio to a plant. Think of it. [Seth 01:31:39], you know who the man I’m talking about is? Who am I talking about? Do you know who it is? The stars and stripes on the face of the moon. Do you know who the man is, right? Do you know? Do you know? You know who it is. There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is nothing that we cannot do. There is absolutely nothing we cannot match. There is no challenge that you will let us down. You will never let us down. The people of Ohio will never let us down. The people of our country will never let us down.

Donald Trump: (01:32:19)
We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. My fellow Americans, our movement is far from over. In fact, our fight has only just begun. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

Donald Trump: (01:32:55)
So with American pride swelling in our hearts and American courage stirring in our souls, I say these words to you tonight, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio. Thank you. Thank you very much.

