

Donald Trump: (03:37)
We have great, great people running. Many of them are right here. I love Marjorie. With your help, we’re going to take back the House and send Nancy Pelosi back to San Francisco where she can work very hard to bring back a city which she has helped to very much destroy, just like they’re destroying our nation. They’re destroying our nation. We’re going to fire your ultra left-wing Senator Ralph Warnock, and elect the great Herschel Walker to the United States Senate. And we’re going to take back our country from these lunatics.

Donald Trump: (04:23)
In just eight months Joe Biden and the radical Democrats are well on their way to turning America into a third-world nation. That’s what’s happening. You see it here as much as anybody. I told you so during the election and during the campaign. Inflation is skyrocketing. Unemployment is rising at a level that nobody can believe. Main streets are being boarded up. Murders are through the roof. You look at what’s happening in these Democrat-run cities. Violent gangs or drugged-out vagrants are taking over our big cities, our once great cities. Corruption is rampant. The senior ranks of our military have been politicized. Our leaders are issuing unconstitutional executive mandates and our country is being turned into a migrants camp. That’s what we are. Other than that, how are things going?

Crowd: (05:24)
USA. USA. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: (05:52)
It’s really not even believable what’s going on, but it’s going on nevertheless. Each and every one of us here tonight must do everything we can to save America. We’re talking about saving. You remember, we had Make America Great Again, then I said, oh boy, now we have to do it again because what they’ve done. So we had Make America Great Again, again. Again, again. We made a great and now we’ve got to make a great again. That begins with an earth-shattering win in November 2022. And by the way, we never forget 2020, just in case you have any questions. We’re not forgetting 2020. The most corrupt election in the history of our country. Most corrupt election in the history of most countries, to be followed by an even more glorious victory in November of 2024. We’re going to have a big, big, beautiful group then.

Donald Trump: (06:46)
If we have a country left in 2024, that’s the problem. We’re going to have a country left. And what they’re doing at this level, what they’re doing at this level, you’re not going to have a country left. There’s no greater crisis facing our nation today than the catastrophe on our Southern border. You’ve been watching it and a lot of the fake news. And you got a lot of them back … Look at all of those fake newspeople. Wow. It’s amazing. They’re doing our country no favor. They’re doing you no favor and they’re doing themselves no favor. American sovereignty is being extinguished by the deliberate and willful policies put in place by Joe Biden and the left-wing extremist he has installed in power. I don’t know if Joe is exactly involved. I don’t know. I don’t know. I really don’t. But somebody is really screwing up our country and destroying our country. In Del Rio, Texas, you’ve been watching tens of thousands of illegal immigrants have overrun our borders in recent days while laughing in the faces of our border patrol agents. And they’re going after the riders of the horses, not the people that came in illegally. Isn’t that incredible? And they’ve just put them under watch. They’re in big trouble, the riders of those horses. Most people would say they were doing one hell of a job, right? Don’t you agree? They’re in trouble, can you believe it?

Donald Trump: (08:24)
One thing is certain, this would never, ever be happening if I were your president and we should have been your president. 75 million votes. When I was in the White House, illegal aliens knew that if they broke our laws and trespassed across our borders, they would be caught, they would be detained, and they would be thrown out of our country very rapidly. So they didn’t come. They didn’t come because it was not worth the trip and then you have to go back. It wasn’t worth the trip.

Donald Trump: (08:56)
When they made the statement, come with open arms, the world is coming into our country. They’re emptying their prisons into our country. I used to say from Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, but now it’s from many countries all over the world, including the Middle East, they’re emptying their prisons into our country. We’re having people coming into our country that we do not want. We do not want. Under my administration, we ended catch and release. We shut down asylum for it. We struck historic agreements with Mexico and Central American nations to stop illegal immigration and we deported dangerous criminal aliens by the tens of thousands, including MS-13 killers. We got them out by the thousands. We built almost 500 miles of powerful border wall. And it was tough because we had to go through two and a half years of litigation against Democrats that were suing us, including Congress. We created the most secure border in the history of the United States of America.

Donald Trump: (10:12)
And the wall could have been finished in a month. They didn’t want to finish the wall. This is not even believable. It took us … We were building at record rates, but we had to get the approval from the courts. Two and a half years of fighting and winning 11 different cases. Now, Joe Biden is thrown the border wide open and our country is being invaded by hundreds of thousands of people every single month. Every month, we have hundreds of thousands of people coming, and we don’t even see the people that are really coming in. And I guarantee you, they’re the worst of all. According to one report, over 220 miles of the area near Del Rio is now completely and completely, totally just absorbed by people, but totally unpatrolled.

Donald Trump: (11:02)
By people, but totally unpatrolled. The police are saying, “What do we do? This is an invasion.”

Crowd: (11:16)
Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the Wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall.

Donald Trump: (11:28)
He could finish that wall in one month. And the contractors are all suing now. They’re going to make more money. They have contracts to build the wall, finish the wall. They said, “Terminate. Let’s terminate. First day, we’re going to terminate.” And now the contracts are going to get more money for not building than they ever got for building. You got some contractors over here. They’re laughing, because they know exactly what I’m saying. Don’t you? Biden terminated our asylum agreements, instituted nationwide catch and release, crippled ICE. These are great patriots, ICE. Tough. I wouldn’t want that job. That guy with the beautiful jacket on… Come here. Let me look at him. Look at that beautiful… Stand up in the chair. Stand up in that chair. Help him. Look at this guy.

Donald Trump: (12:17)
How many rallies have you been to?

Speaker 3: (12:19)
I’ve lost track, sir.

Donald Trump: (12:21)
Oh boy. And he’s a great guy and a great patriot. And when he takes that back off, he goes into his shirt and he probably goes back to his accounting office, but we love you. You’re great, and we appreciate your support. Really great. We appreciate it. Great guy. Great guy. But even sleepy-eyed Chuck Todd of NBC News was recently forced to admit that Biden’s open borders and his policies are acting as a magnet attracting illegal aliens from all over the planet. Yet, despite this obvious disaster, radical Democrats in the house and Senate continue to push for mass amnesty. It’s really hard to believe they think this is good when you look at what’s happening. Haiti is emptying out into our country. Haiti. They have a lot of problems in Haiti, and it’s very sad, but we’re bringing people into our country that it’s just a terrible, terrible, terrible situation.

Donald Trump: (13:23)
We’re living through the worst border crisis in the history probably of civilization. There’s no border. Nobody has a border like this. We don’t do anything. Other countries, even if they’re not well-equipped, they put up a fight. They don’t let people come in. We’re just letting them just walk right in. And your own Senator Raphael Warnock has not uttered a single solitary word of criticism, because he’s a Marxist controlled by the radical left Democrats who don’t believe in borders, and they don’t believe in a nation. And they don’t believe in our nation. I don’t believe they believe in our nation. Next year, Warnock and every single one of these far-left lunatics must be routinely and resoundingly and decisively defeated. They have to be defeated. You’re not going to have a country left. If you want to have a country left, you must elect no Democrats and vote only for America First Republicans. America first.

Donald Trump: (14:34)
We have a couple of great… We have Save America, which is great. We have a lot of different… Make America Great Again. We’ll never give that one up. Make America Great Again. I thought we could sort of put it aside for a while. But as soon as they came in, we said, “We need that one again.” But we have some good ones. But, when you think about it, some of those phrases, they’re so on. They’re so perfect. Think about Make America Great Again, Save America, America First. Think of it, America First.

Donald Trump: (15:12)
And I’ll never forget when Biden first came into office. If you can believe this, he said, “We don’t believe in America first policies. I said, “Even if you really don’t, you can’t say that. It doesn’t work.” He doesn’t believe. But it’s true. They don’t believe in America first. They don’t believe in America first policies. The world is eating our lunch. They’re laughing at us. They watch what happened in Afghanistan, and they think we’re weak and stupid. And I’ll tell you, when I was president, they respected us. They respected this country, because they were ripping us off and we stopped it. We stopped it, and we’ll go into it, too. For the last eight months, Biden, Pelosi, and the socialist Democrats have been relentlessly pushing the demented lie that their political opponents are the number one threat. Think of it. The number one threat to national security. They call them the Trump people. You know what that is? That’s 75 million people, but it’s really much more than that, much, much more than that.

Donald Trump: (16:16)
And that’s the largest vote by far ever gotten by a sitting president. No president has ever come close to it. And most presidents go down in the second term. Even if they win, they go down. Obama went down way down, but he won. Well, I don’t know. Maybe he won. Who the hell knows if he won. Nowadays with these elections, who knows if he won, but he went down a lot, and he won. Most of them go down. Some of them go up. But if they go up, they don’t go up much. We went up by 12 million votes. I was told, “Sir,” a great pollster. “So we got 63 million.” He said, “Sir, if you go up 1 million votes, you can’t lose.” Well, we went up 12 million votes, and they say we lost, but there never has been a concession. You do know that. You do.

Donald Trump: (17:17)
When Stacy Abrams says, “I’m not going to concede,” it’s okay.” No. When Stacey Abram says, “I’m not going to concede,” that’s okay. No problem. Oh, she’s not going to concede. She’s not going to concede. Of course having her, I think, might be better than having your existing governor, if you want to know what I think. Might very well be better. But when she says that, no problem. When crooked Hillary Clinton says, “Don’t ever concede,” but she conceded. Of course, I got her at three o’clock in the morning. There was something going on there.

Donald Trump: (17:56)
But she conceded. She probably regrets it, but I never conceded, because I saw what was happening and I can’t do it. I can’t do it, because I have a commitment to you, and I can’t do it. And, honestly, it would’ve been a lot easier for me if I did like every politician. “I’d like to congratulate sleepy Joe on running a brilliant race from the basement.” Somebody ran a good race. We don’t know who the hell it was. It was somebody ran a good race. But the fact is that we ran a great race. A major media group came, and they interviewed me two weeks ago. They go, “Sir, what was the difference between 2016 and 20 20?” They meant that as a negative question. I said, “Well, let me tell you the difference. We did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016.” We did much better.

Donald Trump: (18:56)
We did much better. The rallies were bigger. There were more enthusiasts. We did much, much better. We got 12 million more votes. I mean, we went from 63 to 75 million. And the person said, “I never thought of that. I never.” He wasn’t that bad. He was radical left, but he wasn’t that bad. But he did say, “I followed your campaign. It was the most incredible campaign I’ve ever witnessed. Where you would get up and do three, four and five of these rallies a day, and you did that for 30 days before the election.” He said, “I’ve never seen anything like that.” And he said, “There has never been anything like that in the history of politics in this country, and probably in the history of politics in the world. There’s never been a movement like this.” I said, “Are you going to write that?”

Donald Trump: (19:51)
He said, “Probably not.” He said, “Probably not.” And the reason not is his bosses probably wouldn’t let him write that. But there has never been a movement, a MAGA movement, like this. There’s never been anything like it. Never been anything… But they said, “What’s the difference?” And I said, “We did better in 2020.” Joe Biden is not merely a threat to our national security. He’s actively demolishing it before our very eyes. Biden triggered millions of illegal aliens to rush our borders in the middle of a global pandemic, in the middle of the pandemic. Where’s your mask? Where’s your mask? Where’s your mask?

Donald Trump: (20:33)
Where’s that mandate? Why are they imposing a mandate? I mean, they oppose a mandate on everybody, but not the people coming in. In Afghanistan, he humiliated our nation with the most appalling display of incompetence by an American president in history. 13 great young warriors were murdered, and many injured, and a total of 170 people were killed with many very, very badly wounded. In their memory tonight, we have 13 empty seats of honor right here in the front row. Our hearts go out to the families of every service member that we have lost that I’ve spoken to a lot of them. And these are great, great people. Thank you. And we’re also honored to be joined by one of the marines who bravely served in Kabul during the withdrawal and helped evacuate children over the airport and over the airport wall. You saw him. He did a great job. Lance Corporal Hunter Ian Clark. Lance Corporal, come up here. Come up here.

Donald Trump: (22:04)
Come up. Handsome guy. Hunter comes from a military family and went to school right here in Perry, Georgia. Can you believe that? Come on up here. Thank you. Do you want to say something? Go ahead.

Lance Corporal Hunter Clark: (22:26)
Hey, my name’s Lance Corporal Hunter Clark. I’m here from Warner Robins, Georgia. I am the guy that pulled the baby over the wall, and it’s definitely, probably one of the greatest things I’ve ever done in my entire life. I just want to thank all the support from all y’all. It really means a lot, and I’m glad to be home now today. Thank you.

Donald Trump: (22:51)
Thank you Hunter very much. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Hey, Perry, Georgia did a good job. They did a good job. You grow them well in Perry, Georgia. Biden surrendered, our forts and air base in Bagram. We were going to keep the air base because it’s right next to China and their military institutions and their installations and they have a lot of things surrounding it, and we had this big, beautiful air base that caused billions of dollars to build and we were gone. We didn’t even turn out the lights. And one day we were gone and you know who’s looking at it now and who’s all over it? China. We were never leaving that. We had a perfect plan and they were listening to us. Abdul Abdul. You can’t shoot our soldiers.

Donald Trump: (24:06)
You know what? For 18 months we didn’t have one soldier killed. They listened to me. I said, you can’t do it, Abdul. We’ll hit you harder than you’ve ever been hit. You can’t do it, and he understood that and he left us alone and we would’ve never moved our military out first. We would’ve never. They would’ve gone last. First, Americans then are people that deserve to come out of which, by the way, the people that came out are not the ones that they were talking about. That was just like a mad rush. But Abdul understood that he was not going to do anything to us. And we would’ve taken our soldiers out last. We would’ve bombed our five bases and we were going to occupy Bagram for a long time to come and it would’ve been so good, but this guy, they just took the military out first. That’s like the captain of the ship, much more severe. By the way, if a captain of a ship goes, you say, all right, he didn’t have guts, but it’s not going to affect it too much.

Donald Trump: (25:08)
They took the military out first, and that’s why you have those 13 empty seats right there. That’s why because they took the military out first and they created a void. And the Taliban said, what’s going on? I can just see Abdul. He gets a call or a message. It said, the military has left. He said, you’re nuts in their language. There’s no way. Sir, the military has left. They’ve abandoned. They’ve surrendered. They’ve quit, whatever the hell he said. And I guarantee, he said, there’s no way that happened. Nobody could be that stupid. They’re smart. They’re good fighters. The Taliban, the Afghans generally are very good fighters, very good, among the best actually. And they said, no, no, he it. And they sent a group in and they said, you know what? The military’s not there anymore. That’s why we had to bring people in that weren’t even familiar with all of it.

Donald Trump: (26:09)
They brought those 13 great people and many that are wounded, very seriously wounded. They brought them in among others. This Millie is an idiot. I got to know him. He’s an idiot. Okay. They moved the military out first. Let’s get the military out, and then after that, we’ll negotiate for hostages. Okay. And let’s leave them $85 billion in America’s finest weapons and latest equipment, and he abandoned hundreds of American citizens in enemy occupied territory, and the press is trying to play the whole situation down like it never took place because they are among the most corrupt people in this country.

Donald Trump: (26:58)
You don’t even see it anymore about Afghanistan. They don’t talk about it. They don’t talk about it, but I will. The Democrats are after me with prosecutors and everything else they can think of. They want to make sure that I just be quiet, but you know what? They want to silence me just like they’ve silenced so many others. It’s one of the reasons we don’t get the support we should from a lot of very good Republicans, but they’re not as brave as they have to be. And others are in agreement with us, but they’re afraid. The people we are dealing with are evil and angry and destroying our country. They’re destroying our country and they want to go after me because they think a big mouth. I don’t have a big mouth. You know what I have? I have a mouth that tells the truth. I have a mouth that wants to save our country. Now, Biden is bringing into the United States tens of thousands of unvetted, unscreened Afghan nationals who never worked with the Americans before, including those with child brides. They have a child bride, 13, 14 years old, and we’re going to resettle them, I guess, with the child bride. Are they doing that with the child bride? A lot of those people that rushed the planes are not the people that worked with us. They’re people that wanted to get out. You’re going to see some bad things happen over the coming years. It’s a disgrace.

Donald Trump: (28:37)
In just the last few days, one Afghan national arriving in our country has been charged with sexually assaulting a child, another with strangling and beating his wife, and in New Mexico, a great, great place, by the way, a group of male Afghan evacuees reportedly ganged up on a female American service member and brutally assaulted her. Ask Germany, how are they doing? They’re not too happy. Ask Sweden, how are they doing? They want to tell you the nice Liberal way, but it’s not working out too well. Biden terminated our very hard fort for travel ban. You remember the travel ban? We don’t want people coming from countries that want to destroy us. Okay. It’s pretty simple.

Donald Trump: (29:28)
On terrorist occupied countries that we went through the entire system to defend and won in this Supreme Court of the United States. This travel ban went on for two years of litigation, and I ended up winning in the Supreme Court of the United States. It was very tough because all it says is people that want to blow up our stores and blow up our streets and our cities, people that want to hurt people, people that don’t love our country, we don’t want you in the United States. That’s the travel ban. And Biden is drastically increasing the number of so-called refugees who would be resettled in America and all over American communities all over next year. He’s expanding that number, but the travel ban was so strong. It was so good. When a country was angry at us, when they were bad, when they had people that wanted to blow our streets up and our stores up and set stores on fire and set our cities burning, we had a travel ban. We said, no, thank you. You can keep them. We’re not letting them in. He is now officially ended the travel ban. It’s a disgrace.

Donald Trump: (30:42)
He’s doing nothing to hold a Chinese Communist Party accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. Biden did not even say the word China in his UN speech because he’s too compromised to take them on, and he only briefly mentioned Afghanistan because his withdrawal has been such a disaster for him and our country, and by the way, for his poll numbers, which have tanked. In short, after just eight months, Joe Biden is already the biggest failure ever to occupy the Oval Office, and I can think of a couple of people. I’ll tell you what, Jimmy Carter is extremely happy right now. So is another president, but I won’t mention his name because there might be about three people here at that thought he was okay.

Donald Trump: (31:38)
This is what happens when you have a dishonest election. This is all about a rigged election. None of these disasters ever should have been allowed to happen. Last week, it was painstakingly revealed by Durham, you know Durham, the Durham Report, we’ve been waiting. Thank you. Thank you, Durham. Thank you. Mr. Durham, we’ve been waiting, but he came out with a big one and perhaps they’re going to come out with a lot more because this should be just the beginning.

Donald Trump: (32:08)
The Durham investigators at the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax was indeed a total scam made up by crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. How would you like to have her as your wife? No, but think of this. I mean, Bill Clinton, he’s living in fear. He’s living in fear. Now think about an evil mind like that to make up a Russia hoax. I’ll tell you a quick little story. Should I or should I just go through it? But no, it’s just sort of crazy. I kept hearing the word Russia because during my campaign before you heard about the so-called Russia hoax, people would come up with.

Donald Trump: (33:03)
Before you heard about the so-called Russia hoax, people would come up with me, and they’d say, “Sir.” My campaign people. “Sir. Do you ever hear anything about Russia?” And I’d say, “No, not really. I mean, Russia is Russia, right? They’re ripping us off just like every other country in the world.” Now, by the way, they’re really ripping us because of what they’ve done with energy. They’re making a fortune because of Biden. I ended the pipeline, and he approved it. But he knocked out the Keystone, didn’t he, huh?

Donald Trump: (33:27)
But they’d say, “Sir.” And innocent, young, great people. They love our country. “Sir.” Another one coming up a couple of months later. “Sir, did you ever hear anything? Do you ever hear anything about Russia?” “No.” Then a third one comes up a month later. “Sir. Do you have anything to do with Russia?” “No.” After about four or five times, you know the way it is. I said, “What the hell is going on with Russia?” And that’s what’s going on with Russia. They made up a hoax, and we had to live with it for three years. What kind of a sick, perverted mind does that? And it was the lawyer and Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. They made it up. It was a hoax.

Donald Trump: (34:08)
And now they’re doing it again with the January 6th. Okay? They’re doing it again. They’re doing it again. We went through three years of hell battling this fake charge that was only allowed to happen because the media was complicit, as they always are for the Democrats. And it was totally criminal, what took place. And I think you’ll be seeing a lot of things about it. But this … In other words, it is officially now a hoax. Most of you knew that from the beginning.

Donald Trump: (34:41)
And you see this guy, shifty Schiff. Adam shifty Schiff. “President Trump is a paid worker for Russia.” I said, “What the hell do I have to do with Russia?” Adam shifty Schiff. And now he’s doing it again. The same guy, the same face, that same watermelon-shaped face. You know, he wanted to be a part of the administration. They didn’t want to put him in. I give my credit to Biden on that one. He’s very, very disappointed about that. But the same guy that would get up at a microphone and say, “President Trump’s son is involved with Russia.” Call, “Don, do you have anything to do with Russia?” He didn’t know what the hell I was talking about. He thought I was crazy. Eric … And these are good kids. They work their asses off for the country. I want to tell you.

Donald Trump: (35:31)
What a shame. For three years, we went through it, and now it’s revealed that it was a total hoax. We knew it anyway, but now it’s official. They said it’s criminal. And it was paid for by the Democrats and paid for by Hillary Clinton and some others. The big Steele dossier. Remember Steele? That was written. Turned out to be a total fake document. They made up all the stories. Thank goodness, because there were a couple in there that I didn’t like. And the lawyers for the Democrat party, Michael Sussmann. He was just fired, and he was just fired and arrested for what he did. And you have another one, Mark Elias. He’s no longer with Perkins Coie, which is the big law firm that the Democrats … I guess they probably got him the hell out of there because it was getting too hot. It’s a disgrace.

Donald Trump: (36:33)
And let me tell you something. Just like they tried on the 2016 election with a totally fabricated con job, what they did in 2020 was far worse, far worse, and much more sophisticated, more highly sophisticated. They worked on this for four years, and we were given a few weeks to find out what they did. We knew it was fake. We knew what they were doing, but we were given a very small part of time. We didn’t get any help from Mitch McConnell. We didn’t get any help from that guy.

Donald Trump: (37:07)
They attacked and cheated on our elections, and they did it right here in Georgia also, right here in Georgia. Now the people of Georgia must replace the RINOs and weak Republicans who made it all possible. In particular, your incompetent and strange … There’s something wrong with this guy. Your secretary of state. Raffensperger. Raffensperger. I’m telling you, I think there’s something wrong with him. And we give him so much. Could you look at this? Could you look at that? Election integrity. Could you? And sometimes, “Yes, I’m going to look at.” Nothing ever happens. Raffensperger. Something really strange with him. Your terrible lieutenant governor who’s no longer running because he knew that he wasn’t doing a job. He was going to lose. And your RINO governor, Brian Kemp, who’s been a complete disaster on election integrity, a complete and total … And I’m not looking to say that. I’m not looking to say that. He’s been a complete and total disaster on election integrity. If you go in with a complaint about election integrity, you get investigated instead of investigating a crooked election. It’s the craziest. And some of you know this story, I was called by a very good friend of mine who happens to be here tonight. Sir, could you please endorse? I think we’re 148 and two with endorsements. They like my endorsement. It’s never happened before. Sir, could you please endorse Brian Kemp? I said, “Who the hell is Brian Kemp?” This is at the beginning. There were four or five. I think it’s five. But there were five guys, five people running, five men were running, and he was in last place doing poorly, and I made the mistake.

Donald Trump: (39:05)
I listened to this gentleman who’s a great guy, actually. And I said, “How well do you know him?” “Well.” “Did he ever say anything bad about me?” You know when they say bad things about me, I have a tendency not to endorse them, okay? Sometimes I do because it’s better than a Democrat, right? But I said, “Did he ever say anything bad?” We checked, and it was nothing bad. He hadn’t been too deep into politics, I guess. Otherwise, he probably would have. But he didn’t say anything bad. I said, “You know what? I’ll endorse him.” I endorse Brian Kemp.

Donald Trump: (39:37)
The primary was like immediately following the endorsement, immediately. And he won. He ends up going from last place or just about last place to winning in a landslide. Then I had to get him pass good old Stacey. I had to get him past Stacey. He got it. He said, ” Sir.” We had I guess two rallies. One had 52,000 people. One had 49,000 people. The big monster rallies at the airport because no arena could hold the people. And they weren’t there for him. They were there for me. And Stacey Abrams, who still has not conceded, and that’s okay. Stacey, would you like to take his place? It’s okay with me. She still has not conceded, but we had, just so you understand, we had the most incredible rallies, the most incredible rallies. And I said, “Brian, you’re going to win.” “Oh, I don’t think so.” “No, you’re going to win. I’m telling you.” And he ended up winning by like two points, right? And then when I called him about election integrity, it’s like, “I’m sorry, sir. I can’t do that.” I said, “No, no.”

Donald Trump: (00:00)
Yeah, actually, it was very interesting. I called my people. I said, “We got to find out what happened with this election, because there’s something wrong with this election,” as you obviously know, and by, other than the fake news, has been covered pretty good. But if these guys would come back, young guys, “Sir, we spoke to Governor Kemp. Sir, he will not do anything on election integrity.” I said, “No. Just call him again.” I mean, maybe he never got the message. They come back the next day, “Sir, Governor Kemp won’t do anything on election integrity.” Remember we wanted to call a special election, so that we could go, Marjorie, into election integrity. What is wrong with that? And he said, ‘No, we won’t.” And I think the governor is the only one that can call it.

Donald Trump: (00:51)
And he wouldn’t do it. He wouldn’t do it. So when these guys, they’re young and nice guys, they came back, they said. “He won’t do it.” So I said, “Let me handle it. This is easy.” I got this guy elected. One thing has nothing to do with the other. One thing has nothing… There’s no quid pro quo. You remember that word from the fake Ukraine deal. The fake Ukraine… We had Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. They were both fake deals. Okay? I got impeached twice on fake news, but I said to these young people, “Let me handle it.” I was going to show them how good I am. “Let me handle it. I’ll call them up.” I said, “Brian, listen. you have a big election integrity problem in Georgia. I hope you can help us out and call a special election and let’s get to the bottom of it for the good of the country.

Donald Trump: (01:39)
Let’s get to the bottom of it for the good of your state. Let’s go election integrity. What could be better than that? “Sir, I’m sorry. I cannot do that.” I said, “Whoa.” I said you cannot do that.” And that’s why… Let me tell you, this guy’s a disaster. He’s a disaster. They ignore… and just, he’s been a real horrible… I could have anybody else… You have another bad one, by the way. You have another bad one, Ducey in Arizona. He’s another beauty, but not as bad as what you have here. Not as bad. They ignored monumental evidence of rampant fraud. We’ve all seen the video of ballots being pulled out from under the tables after kicking out all of the observers. Remember that? Based on a made-up story of “Sir, there’s a major water main break clean out.” Water main break that never happened.

Donald Trump: (02:36)
Remember they said, Water main break, everybody get out.” And then the people came back in, and they were stuffing, stuffing, stuff. But supposedly caused the vote counting to be shut down for hours and hours. So everyone was out except for these people that were on tape. In addition, Brian Kemp, Raffensperger, and your state leaders surrendered Stacey Abrams. They totally surrendered to her. I think he’s afraid of Stacey Abrams. I don’t understand that. Stacy, you have a great team. Okay? We talked about that, but I saw him being interviewed by Laura Ingram, who’s fantastic, and he was interviewing… although it was a very soft interview on this case, but she’s fantastic. And I don’t say he’s a man of large stature. I’m being very nice. And he said, “I love football.” And she said, “What position do you play?” “I’m an offensive tackle in high school.”

Donald Trump: (03:34)
Now, even in high school, he was not an offensive tackle. Somehow I remembered that. I don’t know why. Herschel say, “What the hell was that all about, sir?” He’s not an offensive tackle, but your state leaders surrendered to Stacey Abrams and allowed themselves to be bullied into a disastrous consent decree that effectively abolished signature verification and paved the way for massive fraud. And they don’t want to do anything about it. They don’t. I’ll tell you, a couple of people do and their legislators and they’re here right now, but they didn’t want to do anything about it. And the agreement was never approved by the state legislature anyway. It wasn’t even approved. Just recently, it was reported your state, this isn’t Arizona now, this is the great state of Georgia. It was reported that 43,000 absentee ballot votes were counted in DeKalb County that violated the chain of custody rules.

Donald Trump: (04:35)
Now you have to remember that Georgia was decided by only 11,779 votes, so I only needed one more vote than that to win the election. But we have many, many more votes than we needed to win the election. I recently sent the Georgia Secretary of State a letter outlining the glaring issue, and I’ve never gotten a response. Somebody said, “They’re looking at me for questioning the election.” That’ll be an interesting one. Let’s go after Trump, because he’s questioning the election. If I won or lost, all I want is a fair election. That’s all you want. But I have no doubt that we won, and we won big.

Donald Trump: (05:27)
There are… Listen to these numbers. These are Georgia numbers and these come from the state, they told me. I said, “Are you sure these numbers are right?” They said, “They’re right.” So let me apologize if they’re not, but they are right. There are 10,300 individuals in Georgia who moved more than 30 days before the November election to a different county in Georgia but failed to reregister and vote in their current county of residence. That means their votes don’t count, but the votes counted. There are 4,052 individuals who voted but whose names do not appear on the Georgia registered voter list. Oh, that’s a little bit of a problem. There are 18,325 individuals in Georgia who voted whose addresses are recorded, or the US Postal Service says, vacant. They’re vacant. It’s vacant.

Donald Trump: (06:22)
During the hand recount falsified tally sheets were discovered showing unanimous votes and votes counted exclusively for Joe Biden. Ballot images obtained through a public records request revealed duplicated votes, which included at least 3,390 extra votes for Joe Biden. In Fulton County, 100,000 tally sheets for mail-in ballots were missing for months following the election. Oh gee, I wonder how that happened. Georgia officials also took $45 million from Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg to fund election related activities.

Crowd: (07:10)
Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up.

Donald Trump: (07:10)
Well, they shouldn’t be looking at that. What is that all about? Over 90% of this funding they say for the November election was given to Democrat areas of the state and used to boost Democrat voter turnout. What’s that all about? You know, they have a limit of like $5,200. He’s given millions and millions of dollars to different states, not only Georgia. Among other things, that’s for the famous drop boxes that you hear about where a vast percentage of the votes in the unlocked and unguarded boxes were for Biden. They were for Biden, even though we know who most of them were for. According to True the Vote, great group, at least 7% of the drop box vote was illegally trafficked. That’s 92,000 votes in the Atlanta metropolitan area alone. That’s 92,000. Remember, we’re talking about little more than 11,000. 92,000. That’s one of many categories.

Donald Trump: (08:10)
In addition, a new investigation by True the Vote, very respected group, alleges a gigantic illegal ballot harvesting operation involving large numbers of people throughout the state. With all of these discrepancies and criminal acts, Governor Kemp and Raffensperger and your attorney general, who unfortunately has not decided to get involved other than looking at people that are questioning the votes, aren’t interested in the people that committed the voter fraud. They’re only interested in me and others, because I bring voter fraud to the forefront in order to save our nation from corrupt elections and to make sure that this never ever happens again. Never happens again. Even the Fulton County DA, district attorney, is after me, but no one is willing to give us the information we want in Fulton County. And Fulton county has a terrible reputation for voter corruption, probably among the worst in the country. They say I’m being aggressive, but you have to be aggressive to weed out this horrible election corruption. You have to be aggressive. In truth, they’re not after me, they’re after you. I just happened to be in the way. That’s what’s really happening. Yesterday, we also got the results of the Arizona audit, which were so disgracefully reported by those people back there. And the headlines claiming that Biden won. That Biden won. Our fake news at a very big lie. They like to… You ever notice when they write about that, they will say, “While the election results are a big lie,” every reporter, it’s just total misinformation. “While they’re totally unfounded,” everything’s unfounded, big lie, not correct. “While Trump has no reason to say this.” I mean, we got piles and piles of information, affidavits by the thousands and thousands. It’s a disgrace. We won on the Arizona forensic audit yesterday at a level that you wouldn’t believe. And what I’m going to do is I’m going to read off for you their results, right from their page. These are very talented people, yet it’s so difficult, because the Washington Post the New York Times and virtually every mainstream media source, CNN, forget it, they’re so dishonest… By the way, their ratings are down 81%. Would you say this?

Donald Trump: (11:07)
And, likewise, CNBC and, likewise, those crooked newscasts… And, by the way, Greg Gutfeld is number one in the evening now, and he’s on cable and he’s great, but he’s number one. He’s beaten… Because people, they’re not funny. These people aren’t funny. Frankly, I think they’re sick. There’s nothing funny about them, but you have a cable person beating all these guys with all that money. I hope Fox is going to pay Greg what they’re making, add it up together. That’s what I did on the apprentice. I said, “I have higher ratings than all these big stars on the apprentice.” I said to NBC at the time, “They loved me so much during the apprentice. They went bad.” Well, they didn’t want me to run. They didn’t want me to run. They said, “Please, another three years, another five. We’ll do whatever.”

Donald Trump: (11:53)
They did not want me to run. They said, “You won’t win. Why would you give up a primetime show that’s doing so well?” And then I did it and look what happened. My life was so simple. My life was so simple. I should have just… But what we’ve done is so important. What we’ve exposed is so important. What we’re doing, and what we’re going to do, is going to be the most important of all. But they had headlines that Biden wins in Arizona when they know it’s not true. He didn’t win in Arizona. He lost in Arizona based on the forensic audit. And some people say, and I understand this and I have great, great friends that really want what’s best for us, they say, “Sir, you’re leading in every poll by numbers like nobody’s ever seen before. Think to the future, not to the past.”

Donald Trump: (13:02)
And I say, “If we don’t think about the past, you’ll never win again in the future, because it’s all rigged.” It’s all rigged. I understand what they’re saying, but it’s all rigged. And it’s a massive disinformation campaign by the corrupt and very fake media. It’s a disinformation. So here’s what they say. Here’s what they say. You ready? This is from the report. How do we look up there? Okay? Not bad. Let’s say, wow. That’s a nice screen. Who the hell else gives you a screen like that? So here’s from the report. This is from the forensic audit by very respected people. And it was a very, very conservatively done reports, much worse than this. The astounding findings include… Ready? 23,344 mail-in ballots were counted despite the person no longer living in that address. Oh, that’s good. So they mailed in, but there’s nobody living there. 23,000. The entire margin in the state was only 10,457 of us. I remember this, because each one of these categories are more than you need. More than you need.

Donald Trump: (14:27)
So you have a little over 10,000 votes that I quote “lost by.” But all these things happened. There were 17,322 duplicate ballots, which renowned computer scientist Dr. Shiva identified as having surged right after the election was over. Between November 4th and November 9th scores of mail-in ballot duplicates emerged. Duplicates. You know what a duplicate is, right? Oh, how did that happen? 96% of the ballots that came in on two of these days were duplicates.

Donald Trump: (15:03)
… that came in on two of these days were duplicates. There were 2,382 votes who voted in person even though they had moved out of the county. 2081 voters had moved out of the state. They’re not allowed to vote, but they voted anyway. 5,047 people, remember a little over 10,000, 11… think of that. I mean, just give that a little thought. Every one of these numbers. 5,047 people voted in more than one county resulting in up to 5,295 what they call overvotes. It’s an overvote. In other words, you’re supposed to vote in one county, not two. How many people voted in three or four? I wonder.

Donald Trump: (15:47)
There were at least 282 dead people who happened to vote. Maricopa County’s official canvas recorded 3,432 more ballots cast than people they recorded as having cast a vote. That’s tough, right? 277 precincts have more ballot cast than people. They have more ballots cast than they have people resulting in at least 1,551 excess votes. 9,041 mail-in votes and voters. Well, just to be exact. You know what? We have to get this exactly accurate because the fake news will say, “He said votes, instead of voters.” 9,041 mail-in voters returned more ballots than they were sent. Oh, that’s interesting. How does that happen?

Donald Trump: (16:42)
Then this is from a canvasing report that was done by a very respected group. 255,326, remember, you’re talking about a little over 10,000 votes. 255,326 early votes do not have a corresponding record in the county’s voter file. Oh, that’s interesting. 284,412 ballots and ballot images were “corrupt or missing.” This is from their report. I didn’t write this report. This is findings. They call it findings. Then the fake news said that I lost. We lost by a little over 10,000. Hundreds of thousands of votes we’re talking about.

Donald Trump: (17:29)
All of this was found without being given access to the routers, which county officials ruthlessly withheld. They didn’t want to give those routers under any circumstances. They had to be fought all the way. The county, the people that run the county, they fought us every, not me. They fought the Senate. They fought the Senate of Arizona and the Governor Ducey was horrible. He was missing in action. He was actually against it. Nonetheless, the auditors discovered that millions of election-related files were deleted during and after the election in violation of federal law, including a purge of the “election management system.” That’s a quote, “election management system” software the day before the audit began.

Donald Trump: (18:20)
The audit’s going to now begin. They went to court. The same guy that I guess got fired. Something happened to him, Elias. He went to court. They sent in 107 lawyers to fight us on this, to fight the people, to fight the Senate, 107. Oh, she said 170. That could be right. All these lawyers, they just emerged one day in Arizona, all the court cases, and the Senate hung in and they won. In addition, in another effort led by patriot Liz Harris, the Maricopa County canvassing results for Arizona were just published. Is Liz Harris here? No way. Why do you like Liz Harris so? What the hell do you know about Liz? Huh? She’s a patriot.

Donald Trump: (19:06)
Biden supposedly won the state of Arizona by 10,457 votes. Yet, the report shows 173,104 lost votes and 96,389 ghost votes. You know what a ghost vote is, right? Where is it? Where is it? Harris stated that a conservative estimate of votes impacted was 299,493. It is estimated that 173,104 voters had their votes stolen. Look at those lights going out over there. Oh my God. The lights, I’m telling you, the television lights are going out. This is the most interesting part of the speech. The rest of my speech, you’ve sort of heard before, right? Regarding ghost votes, Maricopa County recorded and estimated 96,000 mail-in votes that could not have been physically cast by the voter that the vote was registered to, could not have been done by the voter that it was registered to. 96,000. That’s nine times more than I need right there. That’s just one little category. The media aren’t reporting this stuff. They’re saying that the election results are fine. It’s going, it’s just not acceptable.

Donald Trump: (20:36)
Just like they don’t want to talk about Afghanistan or Hunter Biden’s corruption. That’s the other thing that came out today. You see that? They delayed the Hunter Biden corruption because they didn’t want it to hurt Joe Biden’s chances of election. Look what happened with Joe Biden as your President. Our country has gone to hell.

Speaker 1: (21:47)
We want Trump. We want Trump. We want Trump.

Donald Trump: (21:48)
Thank you. I love you too. You’re incredible people. You’re incredible people. They’re trying to take our country away, and they’re trying to steal our country, and they’re going to ruin our country. Once it’s destroyed, remember I used to say, we will not become Venezuela. This is what’s happening. Now this is what’s happening. You take a look at Venezuela. They can’t get water. They can’t get anything. They’re living in hell. We will not be a socialist country. How many times have I said it? This will not be Venezuela. This is going to be Venezuela very soon if they keep going the way they’re going. This is all done in a period of less than nine months.

Donald Trump: (22:26)
Think of it. This destruction of our border, all of the destruction, our military in retreat, we’ve never had a military retreated before. Why would you leave 83 or 85 billion dollars worth of equipment? Why would you leave brand new blackhawk helicopters, the greatest machine? Why would you leave millions and millions? Why as an example? There was no reason. We had it so under control. We were getting the hell out there, but everybody would’ve come out. We would’ve then taken the equipment. I even gave an expression. I want every screw, every bolt, every nail. I want the tents that the equipment has had. I want everything.

Donald Trump: (23:10)
Milley said to me one time. I’ll never forget it. “Sir, it’s more expensive. It’s more expensive, sir, to take the equipment than to leave it.” I said, “Really, you mean you have a $10 million tank. You put it on a plane and that’s more expensive than leaving it?” He said, “It’s more expensive.” And I never forgot that statement because that’s probably the first time I realized that he was stupid. But you know what I did say? I said, “We have brand new aircraft just out of the factory. It’s sitting on the runways and our soldiers are fleeing and surrendering to guys with knives.” Good fighters, by the way. But guys with knives that I got along with very well. They understood. They’re not going to screw around. I almost used the F word. It would’ve been more effective if I did, but they would’ve … he used a horrible word. So I didn’t do it. Remember I didn’t do it.

Donald Trump: (24:04)
It would’ve been so much more effective if I used the word. Maybe later on, but with Milley and with all these people, they flee. I said, “Why wouldn’t you have brought in 200 pilots, 200? We have the best pilots in the world. We have the best soldiers in world. We have the best military in the world.” I rebuilt the military. Space force. Don’t forget space force. I rebuilt. Why wouldn’t you bring over real fast?

Donald Trump: (24:36)
First of all, you shouldn’t have left anything behind. I don’t even like this idea, but assuming they really wanted to leave it behind because they’re stupid, why wouldn’t you bring over 200 pilots? Just take the planes and fly them to Pakistan. Then you bring them over or fly them to some other country of which we give them all so much money that they all treat us well. Okay. We get ripped off by everybody, but why wouldn’t you fly the planes out? They said they’d leave the planes.

Donald Trump: (25:02)
Then they said because they were so embarrassed because they probably didn’t even know what they were doing, they had no idea what they were doing. They said, “No, well, we disabled it.” You know what they did? They let the air out of a couple of tires of one plane. They didn’t disable anything. These guys have the best equipment anywhere in the world. They’re probably the best armed soldiers and equipped soldiers in the world. They have goggles, the likes of which nobody, the night goggles, they call them. I can see at night better than I can at 12:00 in the afternoon with the sun. That’s how good they are. Better than our soldiers have, the latest models. And they have thousands and thousands. They have hundreds of thousands of rifles and weapons and machine guns. Hundreds of, we left it there. There was no reason to leave it there.

Donald Trump: (25:47)
We could have taken a year, two years, four years or two months to get the hell out. There was no reason. We had them so at bay. They weren’t going to play games because they knew that if they did, they were going to get hit harder than any nation has ever been hit at their home because it’s all about their home. Because they were never hit at their home, but we know where their homes are, and we were going to hit them very hard. They understood that. That’s why I told you before, 18 months we didn’t have one soldier killed. And even Biden said that it was a mistake. He said, “Well, I will say that no soldiers have been killed in 18 months.” And his people are screaming at him. “Don’t say that you stupid son of a bitch.”

Donald Trump: (26:29)
He was supposed to add a but, but something bad. But he didn’t do that. As a result of the Arizona forensic audit, 41 legislators from across the nation wrote an open letter to the American people calling for audits in all 50 states and decertification of the election where appropriate. A total decertification. It is clear in Arizona that they must decertify the election. You heard the numbers, and those responsible for wrongdoing must be held accountable. It was a corrupt election. It’s my opinion, by the way, that Georgia is far worse.

Donald Trump: (27:35)
Hopefully the Arizona attorney general, a good man, will do far more for his state than your attorney general has done for your state because your attorney general has not done what he’s supposed to be doing. What he’s supposed to be doing is free and clear and non-corrupt elections. They’re not doing that. We must elect strong, brave America first leaders who will be true champions for the people and for free, fair and honest elections. We must demand election integrity at all costs. If we don’t have borders, if we don’t have elections, if we don’t have our military back and strong, I rebuilt the military and now look what happens. They’re giving it away to the enemy. To think 28 Apache helicopters. You don’t know. I hate to use the term, but it’s considered, I didn’t want to use it before. I said machine, but it’s considered the most incredible killing machine. That’s a horrible term, right? But it’s the most incredible killing machine.

Donald Trump: (28:37)
When a tank sees an Apache helicopter over the horizon, lifting up, you know what happens to that tank operator? He gets the hell out of there because he doesn’t have a chance. They hit it with a missile right down the middle of the gun. They hit it with a missile right down that barrel. They go, boom. That goes right in from 5, 6, 7 miles away. The tank shoots at them and it’s going like this and they’re waving. Hello? Goodbye. Bing, bing, bing. They take out a lot of them at a time. They got brand new ones. They got to learn to fly them but they will. They will. The Chinese will teach them. The Russians will teach ’em.

Donald Trump: (29:14)
We have a few of those leaders here tonight. Some really great leaders, including your next Secretary of State. A friend of mine, somebody has done a phenomenal job. Jody Hice. Jody, come here. Jody is running against one of the worst Secretary of States in America, rhino, Brad Raffensperger who’s trying to turn the tables on me because I’m fighting for election integrity. Come on up here, Jody, come on. This guy’s a great Congressman. He didn’t need this, and I’ll say this for him. I didn’t call him. He’s a Congressman. I would’ve said, “Well, what the hell are you leaving?” He’s in a district where they love him, where he wins easily. Nobody challenges him. He said, “I have to do this for the good of my state. I have to do this. I have to do this for the good of-”

Donald Trump: (30:03)
… For the good of my state, I have to do this. I have to do this for the good of my country. He told me that. To be honest, I was surprised. Here’s a congressman whose loved in his district, whose got no problems, no election problems. He could be there forever. And he said, “I want to do this because what’s happened to the state of Georgia is a disgrace.” Say a couple of words, Jody, please. Thank you.

Rep. Jody Hice: (30:25)
Nobody understands the disaster of the lack of election integrity like the people of Georgia. Now is our hour to take it back. We’ve got incredible leadership from President Trump, and we need this kind of leadership again. Mr. President, thank you for your endorsement for me, and running for Secretary of State. The greatest president in our lifetime. A greatest fighter of our lifetime. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: (31:01)
Thank you, Jody. He’s a great man. Great, great gentleman. Jody, you had it made. You just could have stayed where you were. I don’t know, Jody. That’s what we love about you. He loves his state. He loves his state. We’re also delighted to be joined by your next Lieutenant Governor, a man I’ve known for a long time, a man who really did fight very, very hard for election integrity. He got shut down everywhere he went. They wanted to shut him down. They didn’t want to have election integrity. Burt Jones. Burt, come up here, Burt.

Donald Trump: (31:35)
Burt’s running to replace your Lieutenant Governor whose not running because of the poor job he’s done, especially on election reform and election integrity. Come up, Burt. Great job.

Burt Jones: (31:47)
Thank you, man. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: (31:47)
Please, step over here.

Burt Jones: (31:55)
Don’t y’all love this man? I just want to thank you, Mr. President, for all your hard work. You continue to fight for this country, fight for our state. Thank you so much for endorsement, and I can assure you if I’d been our Lieutenant Governor, we would have gotten to the bottom of this thing.

Donald Trump: (32:14)
[crosstalk 00:32:14] no doubt.

Burt Jones: (32:15)
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Good bless.

Donald Trump: (32:22)
Thank you, man. Great, thank you.

Burt Jones: (32:24)
Thank you, appreciate it. Appreciate it, thank you.

Donald Trump: (32:24)
Thank you very much, Burt. Great guy. He’s another one. He loves you and he loves this state. In addition, we absolutely must take back your US Senate seat from the radical left liberal, Raphael Warnock, who nobody knew who the hell he was, and then a lot of crazy things happened. All of a sudden he’s a US Senator. How did that happen? That’s why I’m especially proud to welcome a man who truly knows how to win the United States of America, is so proud of this man. One of the greatest athletes in our country’s history. The greatest running back that I’ve ever seen. A man who played at a certain school that you love very much, and he broke every record. He broke every record.

Donald Trump: (33:18)
Come on up here, Herschel Walker. Come up here. You know, Herschel is not only a Georgia hero, he is an American legend. Herschel is a legend born and raised in this state. Herschel became one of the greatest football players of all time, and I don’t want to get in trouble, but I guarantee I watched him and he was the greatest player that Georgia ever had. As a Georgia Bulldog, he was a three time All American and a Heisman Trophy winner before going to an outstanding career in the NFL. He was great in the NFL. A lot of people don’t know as much for that, but he had a tremendous career.

Donald Trump: (34:06)
Herschel has been one of the greatest athletes in America, and I know he will go down also as one of the greatest senators in America. Herschel, please say a few words. Thank you, man. [crosstalk 00:34:18].

Herschel Walker: (34:18)
Thank you. Thank you. Well, I’ll tell you what, can you not tell this man loves the United States of America? I just want to thank him again for all you’ve done for me, not just for endorsing me for this senate run, but we’ve together for a long time. I said it a long time ago, a great man, great leader. I want to be a leader like him when I get to that senate seat to show everyone I love America. Thank you. Thank you, Georgia for welcoming our great president, the greatest president. I call him “The People’s President”, so thank you guys.

Donald Trump: (35:05)
Thank you, Herschel. Great, Herschel. What a guy. What a guy. Thank you, Herschel. Get out and really work for him. Make sure we have an honest election, too. Thank you, Herschel. Finally, I want to thank some of the other terrific republican leaders, and we have some great ones in your state that are with us tonight. A friend of mine, and a great Senator, a man who… I don’t know, are you going to run for Governor, David Perdue? Are you going to run for Governor? Where is David Perdue. Stand up, David. David Perdue, are you running for Governor, David? Did I hear he’s running for Governor? Thank you, David. He’s a great guy and he loves this state, and he’s done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: (35:56)
Another good friend of mine right here in Perry, Georgia, Secretary and former Governor of your state for eight years. He was term-limited or he would still be here. Wouldn’t we be happy if he was? Sonny Perdue. He did a fantastic job. He did a fantastic job. They have good genes in that family. Thank you, Sonny. Great job you did in the Administration. We appreciate it. How much money did we get for the farmers? I took it all out of China, huh? I charged them hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs, so we gave the farmers, what, $28 billion and we had plenty left over for the country, but we gave the farmers… The farmers didn’t know what they were doing. They never got money like this. They didn’t even want it. I had farmers come to me, “Sir, we don’t want subsidy.”

Donald Trump: (36:44)
They actually said… Nobody said that to me when I was president. The farmers did. They said, “Sir, we just want a level playing field. That’s all we want.” It’s an amazing thing, but we gave them $28 billion anyway, Sonny, and you did a fantastic job. Some real warriors that fight with me on the impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, and many other things. They were great. Representatives Rick Allen, Rick thank you very much. Great job. Thank you, Rick. Great guy, too. Andrew Clyde. Andrew, thank you. Great job. Thank you, Andrew. Fantastic people. Austin Scott. Hi, Austin. Thank you. Great being with you a little while ago. A person whose very low key, a person who I got to know really well, a person that the press does not treat fairly. I will tell you right now just [inaudible 00:37:44], she’s really tough and she’s really, really smart. Marjorie Taylor Green.

Donald Trump: (37:57)
Very smart. They don’t like to say that, do they? She is smart as hell. She knows what’s going on. She knows what’s going on. Thank you, Marjorie and you are loved. You are loved all over the country, I will tell you that. Georgian Republican Party Chair, somebody that’s worked very closely with me and somebody that has really fought the good fight on the fraud that’s taken place in your state. He’s fighting it right now. He’s got so much information and he wants to release it. I guess he will be. Hopefully, he will be soon. He’s a wonderful guy, the Chairman, David Shafer. David, thank you. Republican Party, great job. A man who is running for Governor, who is a friend of mine, I said, “You know, you ought to be a republican.” He said, “Well, I don’t know, but I sort of like a like of republicans.” He has the view of a lot of republicans.

Donald Trump: (38:52)
He’s a good man. He’s a great guy. He’s smart. He’s tough. Vernon Jones. Vernon, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Vernon. I just heard this guy’s here. He was a tough cookie. He was a great Police Commissioner of New York. I’m looking for you, Vernon. Why are you on that side, Vernon? Good job, Vernon. Thank you very much. Thank you. See, he’s a rebel. He’s a rebel. That’s what people like about him. Thank you, Vernon. Appreciate it. A man who did a tremendous job in New York, he was a big fan of Rudy Giuliani, who’s a great guy by the way. He was the greatest mayor in the history of the city of New York, that I can tell you, and did a great job. They’d come at him with barrels. They just want to blow people away. It’s a disgrace. This is a man whose tough as hell, tough as nails, and did an incredible job in New York. He’s respected and loved by anybody and everybody. Bernie Kerik is around here someplace. Where’s Bernie? Bernie? Where’s Bernie Kerik? He’s around here. Thank you, Bernie. Great job you’ve done.

Donald Trump: (40:17)
Candidates for congress, we have some really good ones. Tonight we have Rich McCormick and Jake Evans, thank you. Thank you very much. And you’re shaking it up. I hear you’re going to do very well. Also, a friend of mine for a long time. She’s been with me when it wasn’t really fashionable, Alveda King. I want to thank you. Thank you, Alveda. She was with me when it wasn’t so good [inaudible 00:40:46]. She’s tough and she’s wonderful. She’s a wonderful woman. Thank you, Alveda. I appreciate very much your being here. This is a… Look at this crowd. Look at this crowd of patriots and the love. The love. The love they have. You know as we speak, there are people that are being held prisoner very unfairly, and that should not be allowed to happen. Or if it is going to happen, you have to treat all of the other sides, whether it’s ANTIFAH or BLM, or others that burned down our cities, you have to treat people equally. That’s one of the things we learned a long time ago.

Donald Trump: (41:32)
Of course, now they’re trying to sell different history books than we used to get, but we’re not going to let that happen. We are people, and Ashli Babbitt who was killed, she was the person that was killed during that day, that lousy day, that horrible day, but they killed Ashli Babbitt. There was no reason to kill Ashli Babbitt, no reason whatsoever. Our hearts are with that group and hopefully that’s going to all work out. I think in the end, it’s going to all work out. It’s a very, very unfair, very, very unfair situation. When you see them burning down our cities like Portland and St. Louis, and I could name city after city, Seattle, they take over Seattle. People get killed. Nothing happens to them. Then you see what happened in Washington, DC. It’s a disgrace.

Donald Trump: (42:23)
Under our administration, we accomplished four more years of everything. We took care of people at a level that nobody has ever thought possible. No president, and I say this, and I don’t get criticized, no president or certainly very few have accomplished what we accomplished in four years. We passed massive tax cuts and record-setting regulation cuts. We ended NAFTA and the NAFTA disaster, the worst trade deal ever made, and replaced it with USMCA, that’s Mexico and Canada, who were both doing big numbers on our country but not anymore. We withdrew from the job, killing trans-Pacific partnership, stood up to China like nobody has ever stood up, taking in billions and billions of dollars from China when we never took in $0.10 from China. That’s what we were just saying with Sonny, we gave them a lot of money. $28 billion out of that money, and we had a lot left over.

Donald Trump: (43:27)
Joe Biden is just obliterating much of the hard won success that we had. We had hard won success. That success is going to have to come back, or our country doesn’t stand a chance. We’re not respected anymore as a country. We’re being laughed at all over the world. Afghanistan was the single most embarrassing event in my opinion that’s ever happened to our country. We’re being laughed at all over the world. Last month, the economy added up to one third the jobs that we expected. We expected to have much better employment numbers, and it didn’t work out too good. The unemployment rate for black Americans increased to a very, very high 8.8%. With me, they were way down and going a lot lower.

Donald Trump: (44:19)
Gas prices in Georgia are now almost 100% higher than they were just last year. You know, when gas prices go up like that, that’s like a massive tax increase. That’s bigger than a tax increase. Inflation is rampant and shortages are becoming widespread for all products. Anybody having trouble getting products? Everybody, probably. Meanwhile, Biden and Congressional democrats are pushing the largest tax increase in the history of our country. We can’t let that happen. The largest tax… It’s going to kill everything that we built. What’s happening with our country, our foundation was so strong that they were able to get away with it for a little while, but eventually those foundations will start to crumble.

Donald Trump: (45:03)
… with it for a little while, but eventually those foundations will start to crumble. Their socialist legislation would cost a mind boggling $3.5 trillion, over $10,000 from every living American. If you want high taxes, fewer jobs, vote for the radical left Democrats. If you want low taxes, more and more and more jobs, fantastic income, and freedom, vote for Republicans. That’s what’s happening. That’s what’s happening.

Donald Trump: (45:36)
Biden and the extreme left are also using every lever of the federal government to impose woke nonsense on every facet of American life, pushing toxic, critical race theory into our children’s classrooms and even into our military, and male athletes are now being allowed to participate in women’s sports. How’s that working out? Did you see the recent weightlifting contest? How did that work out? They’re fighting for years and years over two ounces, two ounces, more. I want to get two ounces more. This guy comes along. Bing. And he wasn’t even a weightlifter, right? Yeah, it’s so crazy. It’s so unto fair to women. They fought so hard getting into this position, and it’s so unfair to women, and people don’t understand it. For four straight years, the left carried on a deranged resistance campaign, the likes of which our country has never seen before. It was a lie and another lie and lie after lie and hoax after hoax, a witch hunt after witch hunt. You saw it going with Russia, Ukraine with all of them. Now it’s worse than ever before. The same people are perpetrating these lies and these witch hunts. The same people. They get up, they have no shame. They stand up, and they talk like it’s such a horrible thing. And it’s just a disaster. Nancy Pelosi’s unselect committee of radical Democrats, a biased hit job that is wasting everybody’s time to distract from the Democrats’ epic failures. They are having epic failures. The vice chair of the unselect committee is Liz Cheney. Is everybody having … I mean, look. Our country’s embarrassed. The whole world is laughing at us. But is there any place better to be than a Trump rally? Anything, right?

Donald Trump: (48:16)
In conclusion, everyone here tonight knows that the extreme left will stop at nothing to destroy the America we love and the American dream. But with all of you in Georgia and conservative patriots all across the nation, we will end their reign of radicalism in Washington DC forever. With a Republican Congress, we will fight for more jobs for Georgia families, fair trade for Georgia workers, and more Georgia factories forging more product stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA. You don’t hear that too much. And you know, they are starting to say very strongly Merry Christmas. Remember when I first ran, I said, you’re going to say Merry Christmas. They’re all saying Merry Christmas again.

Donald Trump: (49:09)
We better move fast because that’ll end also like everything else. They want to change the name of a school in San Francisco from George Washington to something. George Washington’s name is now under attack. We don’t know what he’s done, but it must be terrible. We will shut down Joe Biden’s border disaster. We will end catch and release, and we will end illegal immigration once and for all in our country, just as I had already done very successfully more so than has ever taken place at our border. We had done it before.

Donald Trump: (49:47)
We will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus and for the unfathomable suffering they have caused and charge them trillions of dollars in reparations. We will reign in big tech monopolies, reject left wing cancel culture, and we will restore the right to free speech in America. You don’t have free speech anymore. You don’t have a free press anymore. We will protect innocent life. We will defend our constitution. We will defend the second amendment and we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation’s founding. We will care for our veterans, continue to strengthen our military and give our police officers border patrol. And ICE, these are great, great patriots and law enforcement generally our 100% support. They will not be defunded. We will ban critical race theory in our classrooms. We will ban it in our military. We will ban it from the workplaces, and we will ban it from our federal, state, and local governments. We will restore patriotic education for our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.

Crowd: (51:24)
USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: (51:43)
Our country is against some of the most sinister forces, an entrenched interest that anyone has ever seen in our country. We’ve never seen anything like is happening today. But no matter how big or powerful they may appear, you must never forget. This nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our magnificent American liberty is your God given right. The citizens of the United States of America will not be told how to live, how to think, what to do or what to say by corrupt and incompetent politicians, big tech tyrants, left wing bullies, or anybody else because we are a free, proud, and sovereign people. We have to take back our country.

Donald Trump: (52:50)
We are descended from the heroes and patriots, the pioneers, the legends who tamed the great wilderness, who settled a vast continent, who worked the fields, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers and poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to build this country into the greatest nation in the history of the world. We are not going to let it be taken away from us.

Donald Trump: (53:21)
Our ancestors summoned the courage to fight and win our independence against the most powerful empire on earth. Our parents, grandparents, and great grandparents stormed the beaches to crush fascism. They found the strength to topple communism, and we will not be afraid of woke lunatics, who despise everything those heroes fought so hard for and those heroes fought and died for. There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. As long as we remember that we are Americans and there is nothing that Americans cannot do.

Donald Trump: (54:14)
We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never ever surrender. My fellow Americans, our movement has just begun. In fact, our fight has only just begun. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country, perhaps the greatest movement in any country. We are going to make sure that we see it to the end. Our country will be stronger than ever before because the fact is we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. With love of our nation swelling in our hearts and the spirit of America staring in our souls, I say these words to you tonight. We will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.

Donald Trump: (56:06)
God bless you, Georgia. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.

