That weather. Rain all you want. Rain all you want. We’re going to have a lot of fun, Pennsylvania. We’re going to have a lot of fun. They said, “Sir, the weather’s so bad. We could do it another night.” I said, “You tell that to Pennsylvania because I’m not going to.” This is great. It’s great to be back in this beautiful Commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. And six months from now, the people of Pennsylvania are going to vote to fire the radical left Democrats. And you’re going to send Dr. Oz to fight for you in the US senate.

And you are going to elect an incredible slate of true America first Republicans to Congress. And together, we are going to end crazy Nancy Pelosi. She’s crazy. You’re going to end her career. They say she wants to move to Florida. Keep her the hell out of Florida. Keep her where she is. Earlier this week, our movement had a series of blockbuster victories in Ohio and Indiana. You know that right? We nominated an amazing group of mega Patriots to fight for us in November, including the future US senator. You know who that is? JD Vance. Where the hell is JD? Where’s JD?

What a guy. Boy, he’s riding high right now. JD, we love you. You are riding high. He’s going to have a great future. And we’re going to have a great future with another person that we happen to be here for. In fact, every single candidate that I endorsed won their primaries on Tuesday. They went 22 and 0. And in Texas a couple of weeks before we won 33 and 0. So we have a total record of 55 and 0.

We actually had a funny event take place actually in Ohio, a man named JR Majewski. Do you know JR? We love JR. So JR was sort of a candidate, but I think he was sort of just lingering and having a little fun. And we had a tremendous crowd for all of the incredible patriots of Ohio. We had just an amazing crowd. I said, “Where’s JR Majewski. Is he around here?” And you could see his hand way the hell in the back. And what he is, he’s a farmer. He’s a great farmer. And he’d carve Trump into the cornfield or whatever field, wheat, corn, whatever the hell he had. And he’d carve in massive, massive letters, Trump.

You could see it from 30,000 feet above in an airplane. They did a story about him. I called him out, I said, “JR, I want to thank you.” Now, I didn’t want to endorse him because he wasn’t really going to win. But I called him out and we had lots of people. We had lots of people there. Guess what happened? Now, he was running against very good professional politicians. JR Majewski won for Congress. Can you believe this? He’s your nominee? And he’ll be great, but we didn’t expect that.

So maybe we can say instead of 55, that we should be given 56 for that one. But he’s great. We have a lot of fun. We have a country that’s in big trouble. Tuesday’s primary results are just the latest proof that we have transformed the face of the Republican Party. Thank goodness. We are now the working people’s party. But we’re really the party of everyone. You know what? We’re the party of common sense, I think more than anything else. We believe in putting America first and we’re going to keep on fighting to make America great again.

Sadly, we have a new theme too. It’s called save America, because our country has to be saved. These people are destroying our country. They’re destroying our country. So we want to save America too. That’s a sad statement to make. Who would’ve thought we would’ve had to make? We never did so good as we were doing a year and a half ago, but we have to save America, save our country.

You could take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together and they would not have done the damage that Joe Biden has done to our country in just 16 months.

The contrast between the Trump administration’s amazing success and Joe Biden’s breathtaking failure. There’s never been anything… Nobody’s ever seen. Anything like this. Even the fake news is saying it little bit now. As bad as they are and as fake as they are. They could not be more stark. And let’s look at the facts. I got gas way down to $1.87 a gallon. And they have it, if you can get it at $5, $6, $7, even $8 last week a gallon.

When you talk about inflation, that’s a big factor right there. A lot of the inflation that you see is because of what we did. We were energy independent a year and a half ago. Who would believe it? We didn’t need anybody. Now we go into places like Venezuela. We’re back with OPEC. We’re accepting oil from Iran, even though they say they’re not. They are. With the help of Pennsylvania energy workers, we achieved American energy independence. And you remember I said, “They are going to kill you on energy.” Pennsylvania is a big energy state. They’ve destroyed it.

Biden surrendered our energy dominance, and he goes begging to OPEC. You didn’t hear the word OPEC for four years. Russia, Venezuela, Iran, many other countries that you would’ve never thought you even had to do business with. We created the safest border in the history of the United States. We ended catch and release. We deported record numbers of illegal alien. Gang members like MS13. MS13, you know what they do? They use knives because they’re more painful. They cut young women up. They cut them up into pieces. They’re animals.

We built hundreds of miles of border wall. In fact, we completely finished our original plan. We then added much more border wall and almost got that finished. Three weeks more, it would’ve been finished. And then we had the rigged election. Okay? The border wall was a great success and gave us record low illegal immigration. The border was the best ever and they’ve turned it into the worst ever.

We had the best border we’ve ever had in the history of our country recorded. And now we have the worst border we’ve ever had. And all you have to do is look at it. The fake news hardly covers it. You can turn onto ABC, CBS, NBC, watch deface the nation. “Ladies and gentlemen, it’s Donald Trump on deface the nation.” You can watch NBC fake news, sleepy eyes, Chuck Todd.

They don’t talk about it. They don’t show what’s going on. They’re poisoning our country. I rebuilt our military including our nuclear capability and the creation of space force 75 years since air force. And they decided to give $85 billion through incompetence and stupidity of our military away to the Taliban, including 700,000 machine guns, rifles, and firearms of all types, as well as brand new airplanes, helicopters, tanks. And listen to this, 70,000 trucks.

There’s not a used car lot dealer that would have probably 500, 600, 70,000 and many of them are armor plated. And the most expensive you can buy. 70, 000 trucks. Think of that. I was getting safely out of Afghanistan. I’m the one that got it down to 2000. We were going to keep Bagram because of China. One hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. We want to keep Bagram. We gave it away. You know who’s occupying Bagram right now? China.

Creating peace in the Middle East, ending the endless wars and bringing our troops the hell back home. It’s time. 21 years. Biden turned Afghanistan into the greatest humiliation in American history. I believe that too. With soldiers killed and horrifically wounded. Nobody talks about the soldiers that lost their legs and their arms, and more. And hostages that were left behind.

We have American hostages that were left behind. Many of them. Putin saw this incredible weakness and that’s when he decided to invade Ukraine. He didn’t look at Ukraine when I was there. He would never have done it. Would’ve never, ever happened, 100%. And now you look at the death and the destruction. This is the most dangerous time in the history of our country because of the incredible power of modern day weaponry.

They don’t know how to deal with Vladimir Putin. They don’t. They’re saying exactly the wrong thing at the wrong time. They know nothing about psychology and what it takes to end this madness that’s going on. Millions of people will end up being killed because we don’t know what the hell we are doing. They are saying exactly the wrong thing at the wrong time. This should never have happened. And frankly, it should not be allowed to continue. It should not be allowed to continue. What’s going on in Ukraine should not be allowed to continue.

There was no reason for that to happen. And I’m telling you, he watched Afghanistan and he saw what happened the way we pulled out where we took our military out first. How stupid could you be? Do you know when I was there, I spoke to the leader of the Taliban, Abdul and I said, “Abdul, no more. You’re not going to kill any of us.” They were killing a lot of soldiers under Obama, snipers and everything else. And I said, “No more, you’re not going to do it, Abdul.” I said much stuff. I don’t want to sort of imitate it now. But I said, “Abdul, if you do anything more, we’re going to blow you to pieces. We’re going to blow you to pieces.”

And he said, “Yes, you’re excellency. I understand.” He called me your excellency, which was nice. I wonder if he calls Biden, your excellency. Actually, no, Biden wouldn’t speak to him. We’re so angry at what took place. We’re so angry at them and the gross incompetence. The only thing they’re good at is rigging elections. It’s the only thing they do well. It’s the only thing they know how to do. But we have the wrong people in the wrong place at the wrong time. That’s what we have. Under my leadership, America was strong and America was respected like never before.

And not all of the foreign leaders loved me. Why would they? I said, “You have to pay for NATO. You have to take our goods.” The trade deals were no good. I redid trade deals and made them great. Mexico, Canada, now both countries, we did the USMCA, which was NAFTA, which was a disaster. We made the USMCA which is great. And Mexico and Canada now want to renegotiate the deal.

So the United States says, “We’ll love to meet with you anytime.” And they will do that. Yet we got screwed for many, many decades with that horrible deal that we had to live with. Nobody said let’s renegotiate it. But we renegotiated. We got a great deal at USMCA. Now, leaders of countries don’t return Biden’s phone calls. They don’t want to talk to him. So many of them said, “No, he called. We’re not going to talk to him.”

They want nothing to do with him. They want nothing to do with our country.Unless they can rip us off, in which case they’d love to deal with us, which is what’s happened, because we’ve been ripped off by everybody, both on trade with military, with NATO. Just a disaster what we’ve done. In NATO, I got them to pay hundreds of billions of dollars. They weren’t paying their bills. I said, “You’re delinquent.” They said, “Well, if we delinquent, sir, will you defend us should Russia attack?” I said, “No, if you’re delinquent, I’m not defending you.”

And the following day, the money poured in. It was a beautiful thing to see. Under the Trump administration, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world with virtually no inflation. We had no inflation. We had energy. We had cheap gasoline. We had cheap electricity where everything was so good. All they had to do is go to the beach and relax.

The best borders. Biden created the worst inflation in more than 50 years and it’s going to go much higher. It’s costing families more than $6,000 a year. That’s bigger than any tax increase ever proposed. And by the way, they are going to increase your taxes. They’re going to give you the largest tax increase in history. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country. Larger than the tax cut given by Ronald Reagan and gave you the largest regulation cuts in American history.

That’s why we had so many jobs. When you hear about their low unemployment numbers, they’re terrible numbers because we had 164 million people working. They don’t have anywhere near that because people aren’t working and they say, “We’re not looking for a job.” So then they say three and a half and 4%, but that’s not true. It’s not correct. It’s not correct. It’s fake news. You’re right. Thank you very much. I was looking for that. Didn’t we come up with a great term with fake news?

We came up with a lot of great ones. Crooked Hillary. How crooked is Hillary Clinton? Did you see last week? It was big Thursday. They came out. They got into the law firms, I guess, or somebody. I don’t know. They got into various people that were having to do with the Russia hoax. And they have emails. I can’t believe this is going on. They’re believing this stuff about Russia, Russia, Russia. Let’s keep it going as long as we can.

It was set up as a way of explaining a fake. It was a fake con job. You know a con job? It was a con job. They set it up as a way of explaining why she lost. And we lost. I’ll tell you what. We made her lose. You know why we had huge crowds, she didn’t have crowds? Anyway, it was an explanation for why she lost. It was Russia, Russia. Everyone said, “That’s strange.” During the campaign, people would come up to me and they’d say, “Sir, do you know anything about Russia?” “No. Why do you ask? No, I don’t really. I mean, I can tell you about Russia, but why do you ask?” “I don’t know, sir. Just, I hear about Russia.” Then another one would come up and they’d say, “Sir, have you had anything to do with Russia?” “No. Why? Why do you ask? That’s a strange question.” Then again, a month later, a young staffer would come up. “Oh, sir, it’s so such a pleasure to meet you, sir. Oh, you’re going to be such a great president. Sir, were you involved with Russia?” I said, “What the hell is going on with Russia?” Disinformation? They’re full of disinformation. That’s what they are. That’s all they’re good at that stuff. But it’s this information.

And then four or five more times I tell my people, I say, “Could somebody explain what the hell is going on with Russia?” And then I see this guy on television being interviewed, one of Hillary Clinton’s top ponchos. And he said, “Yeah, it was Russia. That’s what it was. It was Russia.”

You remember Jon Lovitz, the liar on a horrible show now, but it used to be good, right? It used to be good. I actually hosted it, Saturday Night Live. I hosted it. And two great ratings I might add. But I hosted it. That was before I ran for politics. After I ran for politics, they weren’t too interested in having me hosted. Although, I covered a lot of time. Alec Baldwin is a sick puppy. He was terrible, I think. I don’t know. I haven’t seen the new guy, but I hear he is better than Alec Baldwin. Anybody would be. You’d be. Anybody in the front row.

No, it’s true. But that was not a very good show. It’s become a very bad show. It used to be a little bit funny. But some pretty interesting things come out of it. Hey, by the way, Alec Baldwin. Did he pull the trigger? No, I think he’s a sick person. I’ve watched him. He’s a psycho. Something happened there. That’s a strange deal. And he shouldn’t have done those interviews. Those interviews were not good. They were not good. He goes, “Lock him up.” And you may find that could be. He is one sick puppy.

We created 7 million new jobs. We had a record, 164 million people working a record. Never, ever been achieved. By the way, way, way, way higher than we are right now. Now, people aren’t working. And if they’re not working, they take you off the roles, and then they say, “What great employment numbers you have.” That’s not true. We achieve the largest poverty reduction in 50 years and lifted 7 million people off food stamps. We lifted 10 million people off of welfare and they were happy. They all had good jobs.

Under Biden, there’s still millions, fewer jobs than before. The pandemic was a disaster for him. Everyone said, “Oh, he’s going to fix it.” H1N1. You know what that is, right? That was a small version of the pandemic years before when he was in charge. Did a horrible job. I said, “Why is he going to do good in this one?” He used to call it N1H1. It’s actually H. It’s easy to remember because H comes before N, right? So the H1N1. He would also say things like, “It’s great to be with you in Florida tonight. Thank you. It’s great. There were no palm trees or trees looked like this.” And he did that many, many times. He’d be in Idaho and it’d say Iowa. If I ever did…

… he’d be in Idaho, and it’d say, Iowa. If I ever did it once I’d be dead. They’d say, “It’s over for him.” But by the way, one thing I have to say, I love Arnold Palmer. Latrobe. Latrobe, Pennsylvania. He asked me to play golf with him at Latrobe, because I knew him really well the last 15 years of his life. And he was a great man. He was incredible. A story, quick, about Arnold. His father was a laborer. He was actually a sod carrier. He was a very strong person. And Latrobe is very close and Arnold learned to play using other people’s clubs.

They had no money to buy a club, and Arnold would come in after hours and had used members’ clubs and he’d learn, and he became great. Then he won the US Amateur, then he turned pro. And right from the beginning he made a lot of money. He went back and he bought the course. Do you know that? He bought the course and he put his father on as superintendent and ultimately made his father the manager of the club. And he owned the club right until his last day. Winnie is buried there, his wife, who he loved so much. I was with him as we walked past where she was and he started crying.

I mean Arnold was an incredible man. And I said, “So Arnold, you could be on the ocean. You could be on the West Coast, East Coast. You could be along the Potomac River. You could be anywhere. You’ve decided to stay right here.” He said, “I love this area. I love Pennsylvania and I love Latrobe.” So, amazing. Amazing story. Think of it, he goes out and he ends up buying it and makes his father the boss. I mean that’s what our country is all about.

He once said to me, “So, do you think that I should finance an airplane?” Because Arnold was very rich. He made a lot of money. IMG was his thing. That’s a big, huge company. But Arnold was very rich and he said, “All my people want me to finance an airplane.” He was buying an airplane. “Should I finance it?” I said, “Well, do you need the money?” “No.” I said, “Then don’t finance it.” In other words, his instinct is why do I finance an airplane if I don’t need the money?

But he loved Pennsylvania and he loved this area and I wanted to tell you, he had a choice to be at Pebble Beach. He had a choice to be along the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean or any other ocean that he wanted, and he didn’t want a move. He never even thought about it. He was a great man and he’s looking down right now, but he was a great man. And he loved your state. Under Biden, four million people have not returned to the labor force, real wages have declined 12 months in a row, and the economy sucks.

And last month, you read this, it shrank 1.4% in the first quarter. And the fake news is trying to say, think of it, the economy went down for the first time in many years and the fake news, these guys, look at all of them in the rain, they’re standing in the rain. They’re standing in the rain. They’re standing in the rain. They should stand there. I’d like to have in the rain, every night I’d like them to be in the rain. But they were saying, I was watching the fake news, “No, the economy went down a little bit, but that’s good news.”

They’re the only ones that can say the economy shrank and it’s good news. On COVID, which I call the China virus because I want to be accurate, we had tremendous, tremendous success with therapeutics and Operation Warp Speed. Nobody anywhere in the world did it like us. And I rejected mandates, I rejected unscientific lockdowns, and I fought to get our children the hell back in school as soon as you can. And very importantly, a lot of people now are realizing this, but I let Republican governors run their states the way they should be run without interference from the federal government.

But with a lot of help from the federal government in getting ventilators and therapeutics and supplies of all shaped, sizes and kinds to them without cost and without delay. And they’ve done an incredible job. A lot of the Republican governors have done an incredible job. You remember when governors get credit for doing this great job, which they really did. The Republican governors did a tremendous job. And honestly the Democrat governors did a terrible job. I can’t think of one that did good, and I dealt with all of them.

And you know on the phone when we’d have these weekly meetings with all the governors, 50 governors. And we’d have these weekly meetings, the Democrat governors, “Thank you so much for getting us the ventilators. Thank you.” I wish you could hear these calls. They actually do have transcripts of all those calls, but now nobody cares, unfortunately. But they would be so nice to me. “Thank you, Sir, that you’ve done an incredible job.” They didn’t have a news conference outside, “We’re not happy with the president.” But we made them pay when we heard that.

But it’s because I let the Republican governors do what they wanted to do. It made it all possible for the great success that they’ve had, and the relationship we have with them is fantastic. By contrast, under Biden, more people died of COVID last year than all of 2020. They failed on testing, they failed on therapeutics, and they imposed horrific mandates, punishing lockdowns, and radical mask regulations. What a gift from hell that was from China. What a gift from hell. And don’t forget, I closed us down to China. We would’ve lost perhaps hundreds of thousands of people more.

Thankfully, a Trump appointed judge recently struck down Biden’s ridiculous mask mandate in a righteous victory for American freedom. Joe Biden and the radical left Democrats have turned calm into chaos, competence into incompetence, and stability into anarchy, prosperity into poverty, and security into a catastrophe. You look at Afghanistan again and again, will never forget it, it would be nice if they would talk about it. They never talk about it, the fake news, because it’s so horrific what happened.

It was so bad they never talk about it. The election was rigged and stolen and now our country is being destroyed because of it. None of these things would’ve happened. Meanwhile we have a president who has no idea what’s happening, who’s shaking hands with thin air while Putin talks about nuclear weapons all the time. Just look at this video. We spend all this money on this wonderful technology, we bought this beautiful, these great screens. I don’t know how the hell they’re going to work in this rain, but we’ll give it a shot, but take a look at this incredible scene. And it’s very sad to watch. Thank you.

Thank you very much. But it’s sad and he’s surrounded by very smart, but vicious people that I really believe hate our country. I really believe that. Because they are smart people, they’re vicious and they use law enforcement to go after and hunt people. You see what they’re doing. Nobody’s ever done anything like they’re doing. He’s surrounded by these people, and we have to be victorious, or we’re not going to have a country left. And once and for all Joe Biden should put the question to rest.

I don’t think we really need to know the answer, because we already do, by taking a cognitive test and releasing the results for the entire world to see, just like I did. I did it. I got tired of these fake stories from these fake reporters. Then I took the test and Ronny Jackson, Doc Ronny, right? Doc Ronny, he’s Admiral Ronny, and he’s now Congressman Ronny from Texas. He’s a great man. And he was the doctor of Bush and Obama, younger Bush, who got us into the Middle East. He did a great job, didn’t he?

One of the worst presidents in our history, whether you like him or not, whether you like a Republican or not, he got us into the Middle East. He should be ashamed of himself for what he did. And he never got us out and neither did Obama get us out. But I got you out with the support of all of these patriots. And he should take the test. And by the way, everybody running for president should be forced to take this test. You see that now. And I started by saying our country’s at the most dangerous point in history. That’s so true. And we have people, some of them maybe don’t care, others don’t get it.

They’re not into the world of deals, or psychology, or dealing with other people. But this is the most dangerous. And now they’re all bragging about what they did. Let Ukraine take the credit, but you got to get out. They got to make a deal. Got to make a deal. Russia’s going to make a deal. They would make a deal. Ukraine should make a deal, but there’s not a lot left though. You know, the time to do it was at the beginning before it started, it would’ve never happened. Even if they didn’t make a deal, it would’ve never happened. I spoke to Putin about it a lot, and I told him what would happen if it did. And he understood that.

A lot of people they say, actually a lot of the radical left say, “We agree that if Trump were president that would not have happened.” That’s just such a horrible thing. But they knew that it was not something that was going to, and the fact is for four years, it didn’t happen. It’s never even thought about, nor did Taiwan happen with President Xi of China. That didn’t happen. With the support of all the Patriots here tonight, we saved our country once, and together we will save our country again.

I ran twice, I won twice, and did much better the second time than I did the first time getting 12 million more votes than we did in 2016, and likewise getting more votes than any president in the history of our country. We got more votes by millions than any president in the history of our country by far. And now we may have to do it again. And I hope all of you can go out and see something that I think is genius. It’s really amazing. It just came out the night before last. It opened, it had a premiere in a Florida, beautiful house. Small little place, a quaint place called Mar-a-Lago.

And we had over 1,000 people, very important people. And they’ll try and suppress it as much as possible, but it’s determinative, definitive, whatever word you want to use. They like to use determinative. That means election changing, definitive election changing, or just say it was election changing probably. But I hope you can see the genius of Dinesh D’Souza incredible new documentary.

It’s called 2000 Mules, and basically Biden didn’t get the votes, but he did get the ballots, in a sense. But it’s an incredible documentary. I mean if the people that do this stuff were fair, this would get every award. There’d be nothing even close. This exposes the fraud like nothing else. Right now their cameras are starting to turn off, because they say, “There he goes again.” And by the way, if I didn’t go, we would lose a lot of our base. Somebody came up to me the other day and they said, “Sir, I’d like to thank you for something.” “What?” “You never conceded. Thank God you never conceded.” Isn’t that true? I never… I didn’t think of it that way.

Can’t concede when you won. And these people that say, “Sir, you won.” Many people, “Sir, Sir, it doesn’t matter, Sir, you’re leading by 30 points. You’re up 70, 80 points in the Republican primary. Nobody’s close and you’re leading Biden.” I guess some poll came out. I’m leading him by like 15, 16 points. Who the hell would be? This person right here. Did you ever run for politics? No. You would be leading by more than me.

But they say, and I hate it, and they’re friends. They’re good people. They’re good RINOs. We have good RINOs too, by the way. Not too many of them, but they’ll say, “Sir, it doesn’t matter what happened. You’re going to win the next time.” We may not have a country the next time. But I will say this. It used to be we’d have to say in four years. Now we’re down to less than two and a half years. It’s starting to get very reasonable. It’s starting to get very reasonable. And in November you have the midterms coming and we’re going through the primaries right now. So far the numbers that we’re putting up are incredible.

And I take that with great pride, because when we endorse them, it’s not me, we are endorsing these people, not me. And we endorse a lot of people, a little bit out of the box. They said, “Well, does he endorse front runners?” No. J.D. Was not leading and they put an unbelievable amount of negative crap, just like they’re doing with ours. The same thing. They’re spending millions and millions and millions of dollars, and they’re trying to hurt him so badly. I just think he’s going to win. He’s a great gentleman. I’ve known him so long, and we endorsed J.D. And he was like a rocket ship. It didn’t make any difference.

It didn’t make any difference to them. All the ads, they hit him that last week as hard as any human being has ever been hit, it’s sort of like Abdul would’ve been hit. But he decided he was very smart. Abdul said to me, you know what he said? “But Sir, why? Why do you send me a picture of my home?” It’s true. I sent him a beautiful picture, he actually lives in quite a nice place. One of our most urgent priorities when Republicans retake Congress must be to end the nightmare on the Southern border, which is one of the most horrible things to ever happen to our country, where our country is being poisoned, weakened, and permanently stained.

Illegal aliens are pouring in by the millions and millions and millions. Nobody knows what the number is. They say two million, three million. I think it’s 15 million, and it’s only going to get worse. And they want to get rid of some of the remaining things we had remain in Mexico. How good is that? You think that was easy to get? I went to the state department. I said, “Give me the top 10 things.” I went to the border patrol and the ICE people, the officials, I said, “Give me your top 15 things, your top 10 things. I’ll get them all from Mexico.”

They laughed at me. Everybody laughed. Border patrol, these guys are so incredible by the way, and ICE. And they gave me the list, and somebody at the state department, a woman, she was fantastic. She worked on Mexico for 25 years. She said, “Sir, you’ll never get this. We’ve been asking for this for many, many years.” I said, “100% I will.” They say, “Sir, you’ll never get it.” I had little things like you have to remain in Mexico. You can’t come into our country. We want 28,000 people to guard our border as we’re building the border wall. 28,000 soldiers. They said, “Sir, we never even asked for that part. That’s ridiculous, Sir. You’ll never get it.”

I say, “100% you’re going to get it. 100%. I would bet you any amount.” But of course I don’t want to be Mitt Romney when he said, “I’ll bet you 10,000.” Do you remember that disaster? Now he’s a disaster. Although he did say if Trump runs, there’s nobody that can beat him. He did say that today. Mitt Romney, hey, he’s coming along I think Dr. Oz. That was shocking. Mitt Romney said that. But I said to them, I said… Then the officials came in from Mexico. Very handsome, beautiful people. They came in. I said, “Fellas, it’s great to meet you. Listen, you’re going to have to give us 28,000 soldiers on our border.”And they laughed at me.

And then I said, “You’re going to have to remain in Mexico. And you’re going to have to do eight other things that were almost as bad.” And they laughed and smiled. They said, “We would never do it.” And I said, “Yes, you’re going to do it. You have to do it. You will do it.” They said, “We’re not going to do it, Sir.” I said, “Here’s what’s going to happen.” This was a Friday afternoon. I said, “On Monday morning at eight o’clock in the morning, we’re going to charge you 25% tariffs on every car and everything you make from Mexico that comes into our country. And we’re going to take in billions and billions and billions of dollars. And it’s going to more than pay for whatever we have to do to secure our border.”

And he said, “May we call the president?” “Yes.” And he came back about five minutes later. He said, “Sir, it would be a great honor to give you 28,000 soldiers free. It would be a great honor, Sir, for you to allow millions of people potentially to stay in Mexico as they await clearance into the United States,” which not too many people got. Now we had it really, really incredible. We did an incredible job and we got everything. And the person from the state department came over and said, “Sir, that was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen in government.” I said, “Actually it was quite easy, as I told you it would be.” When Republicans retake Congress, we should immediately pass legislation to ban the federal-

Now, would you say he’s a good politician? The fact is, he’s not a politician. He’s a man that really believes in what he’s doing. He really believes it. I’d like to ask… Thank you, Mike. I’d like to ask the treasurer to come up and just say a little bit about what you saw that evening because it was an incredible thing that I’ve heard that from a lot of people. Please.

Thank you very much and great job you’ve done. So thank you very much, fellas. I’ll see you later. Take care of yourselves. Thank you, Mike. Good job. Thank you everybody.

With the help of many people here tonight, over four years, incredible years they were, we stood up for Pennsylvania like no president in history. To protect our workers, I withdrew from the horrible Trans-Pacific partnership. Would’ve destroyed your businesses. We ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made. We replaced it with the USMCA, that’s Mexico and Canada. The best trade deal ever made in our country. We stood up to China like never before, taking in billions and billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs, despite . We took in billion. Think of it. And we gave out of all that money many times more than this number, we gave $28 billion of it to our great farmers.

We love our farmers, many in Pennsylvania. And to protect Pennsylvania energy workers, I withdrew from the unfair Paris Climate Accord, a ripoff. I canceled Obama’s falsely named Clean Power Plan, which was a disaster. Other than the name of the plan, it was a total disaster. I ended the war on Pennsylvania oil and gas and I ended the war on clean, beautiful coal. We put our miners back to work. We fought for Pennsylvania and we won for Pennsylvania. And when we win in this November, this coming midterm, which I think maybe will be the most important in our country’s history, we will fight and win for Pennsylvania and our country itself because our country is in serious trouble. We will win and we will stop this horrible, horrible onslaught. With a Republican Congress, we must offend parents rights. No teacher should ever be allowed to teach transgender to our children without parental consent.

We will save our kids and we will also keep men the hell out of women’s sports. In addition, we will get critical race theory out of our schools, out of our military, and out of every part of our federal, state, and local governments. You know, I had done that. And then just about in his first day in office, he wrote an executive office ending it, but we had already done that. It was gone, got rid of all of them. One of our highest priorities will be to crack down on left wing censorship and restore free speech in America. We don’t have free speech. We don’t have free speech and we have a totally crooked press. All of them back there. We will immediately terminate Joe Biden’s so-called disinformation governing board. How about that one, a chilling and un-American power that we will not allow to stand.

Go out and sign up now for, by the way, Truth. Truth. I’m so happy to be back on social media, which is number one on the Apple app store. Number one ahead of TikTok, Facebook, Twitter, and all others. Number one, can you believe it? I opened this thing. It’s like we have really a great platform, but number one. What a great honor it was to look at that. It’s going to be our voice. It’s going to be the voice of the people. And by the way, Jason Miller, I want to introduce Jason Miller. He’s a great friend of mine, done a fantastic job. And he also has a big voice out there on the social media, wherever he may be. Jason, wherever you are. There’s big crowd of people. We love you, Jason. Thank you, Jason. Thank you. I’m glad I remembered to do that.

The radical left Democrat party is not a 50% party within our country. I really believe that. They’re against God, guns, oil, law enforcement, voter ID, the constitution and the Founding Fathers. Other than that, they’re wonderful. The only way they win is to cheat in elections. I really believe that. You can’t be against those things and think you’re a 50/50 party. We have to restore election integrity in our country. In 2016, we won Pennsylvania by a lot. From that point, 2016 to 2020 Republicans out registered, because of me to a large extent, Democrats in Pennsylvania. Listen to this, 21 to one. That never happened before. We out registered them 21 to one, which is why at election night, we were up by more than 650,000 votes. It was over. And then gee, we’re going to be closing up for a little while they said. At every level Republicans must fight for universal voter ID, citizenship confirmation, no more fake drop boxes. They’re fake and no private money pouring into local election offices. No more.

Just like in France. We got to view a big election that just took place. We should have one day voting with only paper ballots and mail-in ballots accepted only from distant military service members. Distant. If they’re not in the country or people who are very, very sick should last one day. What about these elections that last 48 days where they have boxes and boxes and they’re in rooms, in storage, nobody watching over them. They’re being moved all over the place. You say, what’s going to… One day paper ballots, one day election, paper ballots like we used to have.

We have a process that nobody trusts and you can’t have a great country if nobody trusts the elections and frankly you shouldn’t trust them. They’re so corrupt. We’re just six months away from the most important midterm victory in American history. And we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it. At a certain point, if you win by enough, they can’t rig it. But we’re also watching them very closely, more closely than ever before. This is the year we’re going to take back the House. We’re going to take back the Senate and we are going to take back America.

And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our beautiful White House. But first we have to secure a massive victory for Dr. Oz in this primary. So get your friends, get your family, get everyone you know, and get the hell out to vote for Dr. Oz. You got to do it. I want to thank JD Vance for being here by the way, what a job he did. He’s hot now. You know, he’s hot. He’s a great hot celebrity. Maybe he won’t remember me anymore. Maybe he’ll say, “Trump? Oh yeah, he was right.” But he will. He’s going to remember all of us because he’s going to be around for a long, long time politically, in my opinion, very smart. And he’s the one that can win and he will win. He will win in Ohio. JD Vance, good man.

Good man. He really stepped forward and you know what? The people of Ohio really stepped forward. They did a great job. With a Republican Congress, we will fight for more jobs for Pennsylvania families, fair trade for Pennsylvania workers, and more Pennsylvania factories forging more products stamped with those beautiful words, made in the USA. We will shut down Biden’s border disaster, reinstitute our strong remain in Mexico policy. We will reimpose Title 42, which I understand they’re ending. You want to see people come into our country? Knock out Title 42. Strengthen the patriots of ICE and border patrol. And we will, again, end catch and release. We will end chain migration, a disaster. We will end the visa lottery and we will quickly finish the remaining portion of the wall. Could have been done in a few weeks. We will stop the Democrat crime wave. We will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve.

And I want to thank the Pennsylvania police for the treatment they’ve given me. I love the police. They do a great job. They’re not given the kind of accolades they should get every single day. It’s dangerous work and they do an incredible job. We will not take legal protection ever away from them. They want to take legal protection. So if they happen to make a mistake or somebody sues them, they have to protect themselves. That’s not going to happen. We will restore law and order in America. We will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. We will protect innocent life. We will defend our Constitution and we will defend the Second Amendment.

We will proudly uphold the Judeo Christian values and principles of our nation’s founding. And by the way, very importantly, as you know, during that term, records, almost 300 federal judges and three justices of the Supreme Court of the United States. And they’re making a very big decision now. We will restore patriotic education to our schools and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

In conclusion, our MAGA movement, make America great again is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country and the fake news can’t even challenge it. They can’t even think of it. I’ve said it many times and they’ve never challenged it because it’s the greatest movement in the history of our country. And probably beyond that. Together, we are standing up and against some of the most menacing forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen despite great outside dangers. And we do have tremendous outside dangers and right now, more than ever before, because our so-called leaders. I say so-called, they don’t know what the hell they’re doing or how to deal with it. But despite that, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, demented, and evil people that we have from within. But no matter how big or powerful these corrupt radicals may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, belongs to you.

And I do want to thank you all for coming out of this unbelievable weather. I want to thank me too. Because I could have… Hey guys, I could have had a great out. I could have had… And by the way, your wife is so incredible. You’re going to get a great first lady in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. You’re going to get a first lady, I know her well. She’s incredible. And does she love her family, her husband, and her family. So thank you very much for being here and standing, especially the first lady standing with us. Thank you very much.

This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American Liberty is your God given right. From Allentown to Johnstown, from Eastern to Erie, from Harrisburg to Pittsburgh, and right here in Greensburg, we stand on the shoulders of American legends who poured out their blood, sweat, and tears for our rights and for our freedom. Pennsylvania is the Commonwealth where our Founding Fathers declared American energy independence. Think of that. You were the first ones many, many, many years ago. Who would think where we are. We had it done a year and a half ago. And today, we’re begging for energy. We’re begging enemies for energy. It’s where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington led his men in a daring mission across the Delaware, and where our union was saved by the immortal heroes at Gettysburg. Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, one of the most vicious battles in history and one of the most beautiful places on earth. Isn’t that interesting?

And this is the state where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, factory workers, and steel workers forged the greatest nation in the history of the world. It was the hard working patriots like you who built this country. And it is the hard working patriots like you who are going to save our country from what’s happening right now. We will stand up to the radical left lunatics and the RINOs. And we will fight for America like no one has ever fought for a country before. There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no victory we cannot have. We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never ever, ever, ever back down. As long as we are confident and united, the tyrants we are fighting do not stand even a small chance of victory because we are Americans and Americans kneel to God and to God alone.

My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun. It’s just begun. And Oz is going to help us to have it keep going. Oz is going to help us. And it’s time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We don’t do that. We don’t do that. We don’t talk about greatness anymore. We talk about everything else. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So with the help of everyone here today and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. Thank you.