Well, first of all, let’s put this in perspective. Inflation rate month to month is just up an inch, hardly at all.

No, I’m not saying it is good news, but it was 8.2 before. I mean, it’s not… I can make it sound like all of a sudden, “My God, it went to 8.2%.” It’s been-

I got that. But guess what we are, we’re in a position where for the last several months it hasn’t spiked, it has just barely… It’s been basically even. And in the meantime, we created all these jobs and prices have gone up, but they’ve come down for energy. The fact is that we’ve created 10 million new jobs since we came to office. We’re in a situation where the unemployment rate is about 3.7%, one of the lowest in history. We’re in a situation where manufacturing is coming back to the United States in a big way. And look down the road, we have massive investments being made in computer chips and employment. So look, this is a process, this is a process.

No, I don’t think so. We hope we can have what they say, a soft landing, a transition to a place where we don’t lose the gains that I ran to make in the first place for middle class folks, being able to generate good paying jobs and expansion. And at the same time, make sure that we are able to continue to grow.

No, I’m telling the American people that we’re going to get control of inflation, and their prescription drug prices are going to be a hell of a lot lower, their healthcare costs are going to be a lot lower, their basic costs for everybody. Their energy prices are going to be lower. They’re going to be in a situation where they begin to gain control again. I’m more optimistic than I’ve been in a long time.

Continue to grow the economy, and we’re growing the economy. It’s growing in a way that it hasn’t in years and years.

We’re growing entire new industries. We’re at 695, I think it is, or 85,000 new manufacturing jobs just since I’ve become president of the United States. Continue to grow the economy and continue to give hard working people a break in terms of, we pay the highest drug prices in the world of any industrialized nation, making sure that Medicare can negotiate down those prices. By the way, we’ve also reduced the debt and reduced the deficit by 350 billion dollars my first year. This year, it’s going to be over $1.5 trillion dollars reduced the debt. So, to continue to put people in a position to be able to make a decent living and grow, and grow, and increase their capacity to grow.

.

The pandemic is over. We still have a problem with COVID, we’re still doing a lot of work on it, but the pandemic is over. If you noticed, no one’s wearing masks, everybody seems to be in pretty good shape. And so I think it’s changing, and I think this is a perfect example of it.

Well, there’s a couple things we’ve done. For example, remember I got some criticisms for releasing a million barrels of oil a day from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, and then along came the industry saying they’d produce another million barrels a day by the spring. So I think we’re in relatively good shape.

Sure he is, but we, the United States, are in a much better shape than anyone else is, and relative to Russia, particularly. But he’s been trying that for a while, he’s not going to succeed. Anybody want to go to Washington, jump in.

One of the things that happens in negotiations, particularly if they’ve been elongated like these have, is people say and do things where their pride gets engaged as well, and it’s awful hard to back off of some of these things. They both sat down, in my view, and they were in the office today saying, “Well, we finally figured it out. This is fair on both sides.” And it took that time to focus. And the alternative was just not thinkable.

If, in fact, they’d gone on a strike, the supply chains in this country would’ve come to a screeching halt. We would’ve seen a real economic crisis.

Ukraine, through their… With significant help we and our allies are giving them, and the incredible bravery, and the incredible determination of the Ukrainian people, are not losing a war, and they’re making gains in certain areas. Winning the war in Ukraine is to get Russia out of Ukraine completely and recognizing their sovereignty. They’re defeating Russia. Russia’s turning out not to be as competent and capable as many people thought they were gonna be. But winning the war? The damage it’s doing, and the citizens, and the innocent people are being killed, it’s awful hard to count that as winning.

It has been barbaric, what he’s done. His attacks on civilian, everything from civilian hospitals, to old-age homes, to neighborhoods where just ordinary people live-

And schools, it’s just outrageous. So the price the Ukrainian people are paying for this war is extremely high. But we’re gonna stay with them as long as they need our help.

As long as it takes.

Yes.

Don’t. Don’t. Don’t. It will change the face of war unlike anything since World War II.

I am not going to speculate-

You think I would tell you if I knew exactly what it would be? Of course, I’m not going to tell you, but it’ll be consequential. They’ll become more of a pariah in the world than they ever have been, and depending on the extent of what they do will determine what response would occur. .

We agree with what we signed onto a long time ago. And that there’s a one China policy, and Taiwan makes their own judgments about their independence. We are not moving, we’re not encouraging their being independent. That’s their decision,

Yes, if in fact there was an unprecedented attack -

.

Yes.

No.

I have not personally spoken to anyone in that regard. I’m sure, my administration is aware of all of that and so is the National Security Council, but I have not.

No, not ahead of time.

How that could possibly happen? How anyone could be that irresponsible. And I thought, what data was in there that may compromise sources and methods? By that I mean, names of people who helped, or et cetera. And it’s just totally irresponsible.

I have not asked for the specifics of those documents because I don’t want to get myself in the middle of whether or not the Justice Department should move or not move on certain actions they can take. I agreed I would not tell them what to do, and not, in fact, engage in telling them how to prosecute or not.

Look, if I were to say to you, “I’m running again,” all of the sudden a whole range of things come into play, requirements I have to change and move and do.

In terms of election laws. And it’s much too early to make that kind of decision. I’m a great respecter of fate. And so what I’m doing is I’m doing my job, I’m going to do that job and within the timeframe that makes sense, after this next election cycle here, going into next year, make a judgment of what to do.

Look, my intention, as I said to began with, is that I would run again, but it’s just an intention. But is it a firm decision that I run again, that remains to be seen.

Pretty good shape, huh?

Watch me. And honest to God, that’s what I think. Watch me. If you think I don’t have the energy level or the mental acuity, then that’s one thing. But it’s another thing to just watch and keep my schedule, do what I’m doing. I think that… I don’t, when I sit down with our NATO allies and keep them together, I don’t have them saying, “Wait a minute, how old are you? What do you say?” I mean, it’s a matter of that old expression, the proof of the pudding’s in the eating. I mean, I respect the fact that people would say, “You’re old.” But I think it relates to how much energy you have and whether or not the job you’re doing is one consistent with what any person of any age would be able to do.

Oh, it’s focused. Look, I have trouble even mentioning, even saying to myself in my own head the number of years. I no more think of myself as being as old as I am than fly. I mean, it’s just not… I haven’t observed anything in terms of… There’s not things I don’t do now that I did before, whether it’s physical or mental or anything else.

How’s an old guy do that?

This is a really difficult time. We’re at an inflection point in the history of this country. We’re going to make decisions, and we’re making decisions now, that are going to determine what we’re going to look like in the next 10 years from now.

I think you’d agree that the impact on the psyche of the American people, as a consequence of the pandemic, is profound. Think of how that has changed everything, people’s attitudes about themselves, their families, about the state of the nation, about the state of their communities. And so there’s a lot of uncertainty out there, a great deal of uncertainty. And we lost a million people, a million people to COVID. When I got in office, when I got elected, only two million people had been vaccinated, I got 220 million… My point is, it takes time. We were left in a very difficult situation. It’s been a very difficult time, very difficult.

I love my son, number one. He fought an addiction problem. He overcame it, he wrote about it. And no, there’s not a single thing that I’ve observed at all that would affect me or the United States relative to my son, Hunter.

For example, we passed the most extensive gun legislation in 30 years, although I’m not gonna rest till we get assault weapons banned, which I did once before when I was a senator.

Assault weapons banned. There’s no rationale. Deer aren’t running through the woods wearing Kevlar vests.

Again, I’ve gone to every one of those places. And in Uvalde, I spent time with every sing… Four hours, four hours in the pain, the pain, and it’s just so, so unnecessary. So wrong. Who the hell… Don’t get me going. But I met with every one of those families and the extended families for four hours. Look, our kids should be learning how to read and write, not duck and cover. Think about that. Think of the mental impact on these kids going back to school. We saw it. It’s wrong. It’s wrong. It’s not who we are. And we’ve gotta stop it. We’ve got to stop it. And the NRA continuing to push the sale of assault and semiautomatic weapons is bizarre.

Well, I don’t think it’s impossible, but it’s changed. What we do today, think about it, it’s all personal attacks. It’s about motive. It’s not about, I disagree with you on the subject matter. And secondly, I think it’s fair to say that we’ve not had a president like the last president, who has made all of it so personal. I’ve had six Republican senators, I promised I’d never say their names, and I won’t, come up to me in the last two years and say, “Joe, I agree with you, but if I vote this way they’re going to primary me and I’m going to lose an election.” It didn’t used to be that way, but it’s coming back a little bit. It’s coming back.

Well, I’ll tell you what I think about this. We were able to get a bipartisan $1.2 trillion package done for dealing with the whole question of rebuilding the country, the roads and the highways. The fact of the matter is we’ve gotten a lot of things done bi-partisanly, when everybody said, “We’re not gonna do anything, don’t let Biden have any successes,” et cetera. So it’s still a way to go, but I think we’re making some progress.

Well, look, I’ve had tragedies. I lost part of my soul when I lost my son Beau, and I lost my wife and my daughter in an accident. I think of all the people who’ve gone through what I’ve gone through and a lot more without what I had. I have had incredibly supportive family. There’s so many, literally, heroes getting up every day putting one foot in front of the other with no help, I constantly think, what would Beau want me to do? What would… And this gets me a long way, this rosary.

And he’s looking up, and what’s he say? He says, “Why me, God?” And the next scene, a voice from heaven, “Why not?” That’s my dad. “Why not, Joey? Why not you? Why not? What makes you so different? Just get up.” My mom’s expression was, “Just get up. Get up. Get up.”

A lot more to give, a lot more to give.