 And thanks for joining me. I’m here, the FEMA Director is on, FEMA Director Chris Welsh. She’s on. And I’m here with my Senior Advisor and a boy who knows Louisiana, very, very well, man, and New Orleans and . And what I’m going to do is make a brief statement here and then go through and tell you what we’re doing, but then hear from all of you, if that’s okay. I know you’re busy as the devil. I know you’ve got a lot to manage in your states, but the fact is that I want to hear from you. We both want to hear from you. And we know Hurricane Ida had a potential to cause massive, massive damage, and that’s exactly what we saw. We already know there’s been at least one confirmed death and that number is likely to grow.

We’ve got a million people in Louisiana without power and for a time Ida caused the Mississippi River to literally change its direction. And some folks are still dealing with the storm surge and flash flooding. And there are roads that are impassable due to debris and down power lines. And we need people to continue to shelter in place if it’s safe for them to do so. And for those who have lost their homes, states working with the American Red Cross have already opened 50 shelters in the effected areas across the Gulf Coast. We’ve already begun search and rescue efforts and get folks out there who need assistance, and we’re doing the best we can. More than 5,000 members of your National Guard have been activated from Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas to support search and rescue and recovery efforts.

And FEMA has pre-positioned literally millions of meals and liters of water. They are already pre-positioned as well as other resources in the immediate area. And we’ve deployed more than 200 generators we already moved into the region. They’ve been moved in ahead of time and Administrator Criswell and her team at FEMA is working getting more of those into the area. We’re in closer contact with local electric providers to see what they need. They’re all private providers. We don’t control that, but we’re doing all we can to minimize the amount of time it’s going to take to get power back up for everyone in the region. And we’ve been working with the electric sector throughout the night and all day today to assess and understand the full extent of the damage. To accelerate the process, I’ve asked the Federal Aviation Administration to work today with Louisiana and Mississippi electric companies to authorize use of surveillance drones to assess Ida’s damage to energy infrastructure while ensuring those flights do not disrupt aerial search and rescue operations.

And I’ve also asked the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security to immediately make available any satellite imagery that can assist in assessing the damage in your states and cities and parishes. Local utilities are going to soon began restoration work, including prioritizing getting transmission lines into New Orleans and get them back up and running. A lot of them have been taken down. More than 25,000 debris crews and linemen from at least 30 states are rolling in to support you. Some are already pre-positioned and close and hopefully are already underway. But we need to be prepared, and that we’re about as prepared as we could be for the early stage of this. And there’s a lot more to do. We also know a lot of people lost their cell phone service if their particular carrier tower is down or damaged.

So this morning, the Federal Communications Commission has worked with the cellular providers to initiate their cooperative framework agreement. That agreement allows customers on with one provider to go to another provider if that provider is down. So it allows customers to use roaming access carriers to any of the carriers that are up and running. And that means you should be able to get a signal no matter who your carrier was or is. The main thing I want to make clear to all of you is we’re providing any help that you’re going to need. And so, as I said, I’ve got my Senior Adviser Cedric Richmond here with me. You all know him. He’s a New Orleans native. He was a Congressman in Louisiana’s Second District for 10 years. He knows the area, he knows the people who have been affected by Ida, and he knows how to get things done in government.

While FEMA is our lead for on the ground response, if there’s something that needs my attention, Cedric’s your direct line in to the White House throughout this recovery. And I mean that, whatever you need go to Cedric. He’ll get to me. We’ll get you what you need if we can. The people of Louisiana and Mississippi are resilient, but in moments like these, we can certainly see the power of government to respond to the needs of the people if government’s prepared and if they respond. That’s our job if we work together. Folks get knocked down, we’re there to help you get back on your feet. The most important element though is coordinating all the branches of government, state, local, and federal. And that’s what we’re trying to make sure that we try to do even before this hurricane hit.

That’s why we begun working together. We’re going to stand with you and the people of the Gulf as long as it takes for you to recover. And so I’m now going to turn this over to Governor Edwards of Louisiana. Governor, give us your assessment of what you have, what you’re seeing out there. Tell me what you’re hearing and what your team on the ground and anything you need that we haven’t gotten to you.

Yeah.

Thank you. Well, look, we worked real hard with you to get the search and rescue teams in place, but you say they have been able to respond in a timely way.

Well, good. Well look, if there’s anything else you need, you know just call. I mean, you’ve got the team at the table there, a lot of them. And so, just holler. All right. Now, Cedric, who are we going to next.

Oh, you are. I understand, Gov, you’re not on video, but you are on the telephone. So, Gov, fire away.

Good.

Well, thanks an awful lot, Gov. And, again, thanks for your generosity in sending us some of those search and rescue teams to Louisiana. Is Mayor Cantrell? Mayor Cantrell, are you on? I don’t think she was able to get connected.

Oh, okay.

You were hard hit, weren’t you, Madam President, especially down in Grand Isle?

Thank you, Madam President.