Well, welcome. I want to welcome my friend, and we’ve known each other for some time, back to the White House. And Mr. Prime minister, we’re going to continue to build on our strong partnership.

When I showed the Prime Minister to his seat, I pointed out that seat is occupied almost every day by an Indian American.

The Vice President’s mother was from India, a scientist, and a remarkable woman.

As I think you know, Mr. Prime minister, I’ve long believed that the U.S.-India relationship can help us solve an awful lot of global challenges.

And in fact, back in 2006, I set that hope out where I said that by 2020, when I was Vice President, 2020, India and United States would be among the closest nations in the world with one another.

And maybe I shouldn’t… These are not part of my prepared remarks, but when I was in Mumbai as Vice President, I finished meeting with the equivalent of the Chamber of Commerce.

And afterwards the Indian press asked me, do I have any relatives in India-

And I said, “I’m not sure,” but when I was elected as a 29-year-old kid in 1972, before I was sworn in, I got a letter from a person named Biden, last name, from Mumbai.

And I said, “Well, I never was able to follow up.”

Next morning, I had a press conference going away and the Indian press said… Someone spoke and said, “You have five Bidens in India.”

And although we never admitted it, jokingly, that I found out that there was a Captain George Biden, who was a captain in the East Indian Tea Company.

That’s hard for an Irish man to admit.

I shouldn’t be so casual with you all but I hope you understand the humor here, but… And the end result was that he apparently stayed and married an Indian woman, and I’ve never been able to track it down. So the whole purpose of this meeting is for him to help me figure out .

But all kidding aside, I think that the relationship between India and the United States, the largest democracies in the world, is destined to be stronger, closer and tighter. And I think it can benefit the whole world.

And I think that’s began to come to pass, and today we’re launching a new chapter in the history of U.S.-Indian ties and taking on some of the toughest challenges we face together, starting with a shared commitment to ending the COVID pandemic.

The Prime Minister and I are going to be talking today about what more we can do to fight COVID-19, take on the climate challenges that the world face and ensure stability in Indo-Pacific, including with our own Quad partners.

Of course, our partnership is more than just what we do. It’s about who we are. It’s rooted in our shared responsibility to pull democratic values, our joint commitment to diversity, and it’s about family ties, including four million, four million Indian Americans who make the United States stronger every single day.

As the world celebrates Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday next week, we’re all reminded that his message of non-violence, respect, tolerance, matters today maybe more than it ever has. So I’m looking forward to my discussions with the Prime Minister and thank you.

Primer Minister, the floor is yours.

We’re related?

Thank you.

Thank you, everyone.