.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Heather. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you.

Heather, you thought you’re surprised you’re standing here, Jill was very surprised I’m standing here. Well, Heather, thank you for the introduction. And I can’t look over here because the sun shinning in my eyes, but all this other crowd over here, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, for all you’ve done.

Look, thanks for sharing this day with us. Why this day matters to you and your fellow iron workers and your families, and you explained it well. For all the folks at home, I know this day matters to you as well. I know you’re tired of the bickering in Washington, frustrated by the negativity, and you just want us to use and focus on your needs, your concern and the conversations that are taking place at your kitchen table. Conversation as profound as they are ordinary, how do I find work? And how do I get there? How can our small business thrive and our child succeed in school? Or how do we emerge from this pandemic, not with just a little bit of breathing room, but with real fighting chance to get ahead?

When we ran for president, I thought maybe I could help answer some of those questions for you and the needs you have, because every time I’d ride home on Amtrak, I’d go through just south of Baltimore, I’d look out and go through a suburban neighborhood, I’d look in all those lights on in the windows, Nance, and I look and I wonder, what are they talking about? I’m serious. Swear to God. What are they talking about sitting at that table? What are they talking about? They’re talking about the things that I talked about at our kitchen table, Jill at hers, and all of you as well. And that’s about how can we come together. To be president for all Americans to make sure our democracy delivers for you for all of you, and I promised that we couldn’t just bill back to what it was before we literally had to build back better. We’re the only country that’s always come out of great crises stronger than we went in. And the world has changed and we have to be ready. My fellow Americas today I want you to know, we hear you and we see you.

The bill I’m about to sign to law is proof that despite the cynics Democrats and Republicans can come together and deliver results. We can do this. We can deliver real results for real people, we see in ways that really matter each and every day to each person out there. And we’re taking a monumental step forward to build back better as a nation.

I want to thank everyone who helped make this happen. Vice President Harris, my cabinet members, my White House team, Jill, Doug, our First Lady and our second husband. No, I’m joking. These guys travel all over the country together, I’m getting worried, and Doug’s one hell of a lawyer besides. And everybody from the United States Senate, Majority Leader Schumer, and a group of Senate Democrats, Republicans who established this bipartisan framework, including representatives and all the folks you heard from, Senator Rob Portman is a really hell of a good guy. I’m not hurting you Rob because I know you’re not running yet, that’s the only reason I say, but you are a hell of a good guy. And the most determined woman I know Senator Kyrsten Sinema, congratulations Krysten.

Look, Committee Chair Tom Carper, Ranking Member Shelley Moore Capito, I also want to thank Minority Leader Mitch McConnell for voting for this bill and talking about how useful and important it is. And from the House of Representatives, Speaker Pelosi, Steny Hoyer, Jim Clyburn and Committee Chair Peter DeFazio, Democrats and Republicans, Progressives and Moderates, I’d like to pause and ask all the committee chairs and ranking members of the United States Senate and House that are here today please stand, will all you stand. Come on. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. To state the obvious, none of this would’ve happened without all of you. I really mean it. And also to the governors, where are the governors? Governors stand up. Come on. I want you to stand up. Red states, blue states, y’all contacted me, y’all said you were four of this, you all stepped up. And more than 375 mayors, Democrats and Republicans from every state and District of Columbia, wrote me asking to get this done. You got it kid. In nearly 50 of whom are here today, including Republican Mayor Fontana, from Fontana, California, Mayor Warren, who spoke earlier. And the county and state and tribal leaders as well. Civil rights leaders, faith leaders.

This law was supported by business groups. The US Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Business Roundtable, representing 200 of the largest corporations in America and other top business. And I want to especially thank, and I’m sure you’ll all as we used to say in the Senate, I stand point of personal privilege, I want to thank organized labor who understands this is about jobs. You all stood up. Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs. Special thanks to the AFL CIO, the United Auto Workers, electric workers, the IBW, the iron workers, it goes on, plumbers, pipe fitters, and the building trades, steel workers… Who I leave out? Pardon me. And my wife is a member of a union, the NEA. I’ve going to get in trouble. Machinists, so many more.

Look folks, for too long we’ve talked about having the best economy in the world. We’ve talked about asserting American leadership around the world with the best and the safest roads, railroads, ports, airports. Here in Washington, we’ve heard countless speeches and promises and white papers from experts. But today, we’re finally getting this done. So my message to the America people is this, America’s moving again. And your life is going to change for the better. If you live in one of the 10 million homes, or you’re a child who attends one of the 400,000 schools or childcare centers that still has lead pipes in them, you face a clear and present danger to your child’s health and your health now. This law is going to start to replace 100% of the nation’s lead pipes and service lines, so every American, every child, can turn on the fallen and drink clean water and tens of thousands of plumbers and fight fitters are going to get work done and good paying jobs.

Folks, as we saw with remote learning, remote working, during the pandemic access to high speed internet is as essential as access to water and electricity. This law is going to make high speed internet affordable, available everywhere, everywhere in America, urban, suburban, rural, and create jobs laying down those broadband lines. Excuse me. No parent should have to sit in a parking lot at a fast food restaurant again, just so their child can use the internet to do their homework, that’s over. And folks, if I visited your town I’m sure you’d be able to tell me where you hold your breath as you cross the particular bridge or where the most dangerous intersection in your town is. This law makes us the most significant investment in roads and bridges in the past 70 years. It makes the most significant investment in passenger rail in the past 50 years and in public transit ever.

So, what that means is you’re going to be safer and you’re going to get there faster, and we’re going to have a whole hell of a lot less pollution in the air. The bipartisan law will modernize our ports, our airports, our freight rail, to make it easier for companies to get goods to market, reduce supply chain bottlenecks, as we’ve experiencing now, and lower cost for you and your family. The law also builds on our resilience so that the next storm, super storm, drought, wildfire, hurricane, can be dealt with. Last year alone, the United States, as a consequence of these-

Last year alone, the United States, as a consequence of these kind of extreme weather events lost $99 billion in the United States alone in damage. After Hurricane Ida, I see the distinguished governor from Louisiana’s over there. I saw him stand up. I went down to see him. We went through and saw the damage there. They had 179 mile an hour winds at top speed in Louisiana, but then I headed on up to New York. Chuck, up in your area in the Queens, in New Jersey. More people died there than in the hurricane. More people died in the flooding. Record wildfires raged. I went to Idaho and California and saw it. More land is burning the ground than the entire state of New Jersey out west. Folks, walk the neighborhoods and looked at people in the eye, in these circumstances, as many of you have, and you’ll see the despair and the heartache.

So many of you understand. You’re living through it. This law builds back our bridges, our water systems, our power lines, our levies, better and stronger so fewwe Americans will be flooded out of their homes or lose power those days and weeks as a consequence of the storms that hit.

Folks, this bipartisan law for the first time ever creates a true national network of charging stations for electric vehicles, over 500,000. So you can charge your car here and drive all the way to California, not worrying about having to find places to charge. Creating thousands of jobs, thousands. It was also going to make it possible for Americans to get off the sidelines and into the game of manufacturing. Solar panels, wind turbines, batteries to store energy and power for electric vehicles, including electric school buses, which will mean millions of children will no longer inhale the dangerous diesel fumes that come out of the buses. For real, it’s a big deal. And it’ll reward companies for paying good wages and for buying America and sourcing their products here in America right now. It’s going to help the United States export clean energy technologies to the world, creating tens of thousands of more jobs. There’s so much more in the law, but most of all, it does something truly historic. A ren for president, believing it was time to rebuild the backbone of this nation, which I characterize as working people in the middle class. They’re the ones who built the country. And to rebuild the economy from the bottom up in the middle out, this law delivers on that long overdue promise in my view.

It creates better jobs for millions of Americans and no one, no one earning less than $400,000 a year will pay a single penny in federal taxes because of it. And it does not include, as we did the bipartisan infrastructure, but it does not include a single penny in gas tax, which I rejected because people under $400,000 would be paying it.

This law is a blue collar blueprint to rebuild America. It leaves no one behind and it marks an inflection point that we face as a nation. For most of the 20th century we led the world by significant margin because we invested in ourselves. But somewhere along the way, we stopped investing on ourselves. We risk losing our edge as a nation and China and the rest of the world are catching up. Our infrastructure used to be rated the best in the world. Now, according to the world economic form, we ranked 13th in the world. Well, that’s about to change. Things are going to turn around in a big way.

For example, because of this law next year will be the first year in 20 years American infrastructure investment will grow faster than China’s. We’ll once again have the best roads, bridges, ports, and airports over the next decade. It will lead the world into the 2020 first century with modern cars and trucks and transit systems. We’re going to do this by building again and moving again. Folks, too often in Washington, the reason we didn’t get things done is because we insist on getting everything we want, everything. With this law, we focus on getting things done. I ran for president because the only way to move this country forward in my view was through compromise and consensus. That’s how the system works. That’s American democracy and I’m going to be signing a law that is truly consequential because we were made our democracy delivered for the American people.

We compromised. We reached the consensus. That’s necessary, and now our focus moves to implementing an infrastructure law that’s going with speed and with discipline, I have a lot of experience in doing that. When I was vice president, I was given responsibility for overseeing and implementing the Recovery Act for nearly $900 billion emergency package. I’m proud to say that when we finished implementing that Recovery Act, it was determined that there had been less than two tenths of 1% waste, fraud, or abuse. And it was how I learned and earned the nickname, Sheriff Joe from President Obama, because I made it a point every single day for well over a year to stay on top of how the money was being used.

I spoke with over 160 mayors, two, three times sometimes, and I spoke with county executives and every governor save one. I won’t mention that. And save one. She could see Alaska from reports, but monitor what we’re doing. That’s just how it was being done. And it was one of the most efficient implement of a major program in American history. And now we owe it to the American people do the same thing again. And to make sure every penny is spent where it’s supposed to go in a timely fashion I’ve asked the former mayor of New Orleans and former Lieutenant governor of Louisiana, Mitch Lander, to oversee this responsibility. He’ll have full access to every tool the federal government has and to get it done. And we have the high obligation and responsibility to make sure this money is used wisely and used well. Folks, I’ve been looking forward to this day for a long time like all of my colleagues here have. Tomorrow, I’ll be traveling to New Hampshire to visit a bridge that is structurally not safe, like thousands of bridges across America. That’s what this law is all about. Keeping communities safer and more efficient. On Wednesday, I’ll be in Detroit to meet with the UAW workers who are building the next generation of electric vehicles. And that’s just the beginning. You’ll be seeing me, the Vice President Harris, Jill and Doug, cabinet officials hitting the road to help you understand how this is going to transform your lives for the better.

And folks, when you see those projects starting in your hometowns, I want you to feel what I fee, pride. Pride in what we can do together as the United States of America. Folks, the same goes for my plan to build back better for the people, getting folks back to work and reducing cost of things like childcare, elder care, housing, healthcare, prescription drugs, and meeting the moment on climate change. I’m confident that the House will pass this bill and then we’re going to have to pass it in the Senate and that’s fully paid for. It will reduce the deficit over long term, according to leading economists in the world. And again, no one earning less than $400,000 will pay a single penny more in federal taxes. And together, together with the infrastructure bill millions of lives will be changed for the better.

Folks, Let me close with this. Throughout our history, we’ve emerged from crises by investing in ourselves. During and after the Civil War has been referenced. We built the transcontinental railroad uniting east and west and uniting America. During the Cold War, we built the interstate highway system transforming how America lived their lives. And now we’re emerging from COVID-19 pandemic and we’ll build an economy for the 21st century.

When I met with the president of China, who I’m going to be speaking with tonight several years ago, he asked me when we were in China. He asked me, he said, could I define America? And I said, absolutely. That’s the God’s truth. I said, absolutely. I can define it in one word, possibilities. Possibilities. There is no limit to what our people think we can do. And there is no limit to what our nation can do. And there is no one thing that I know more than this.

It’s never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people. Never, never, never. Given half a chance, the American people have never, ever, ever let this nation down. And it’s our job to give our people that chance. It’s our job to come together and make sure we remain a nation of possibilities. As I look out at this crowd today, I see Democrats and Republicans, national leaders, local leaders, all elected officials, labor leaders, business leaders. And most of all, I see fellow Americans. I see America. Let’s remember this day. Let’s remember we can come together. Most of all, let’s remember what we’ve got done for the American people when we do come together.

I truly believe that 50 years from now, historians are going to look back at this moment and say, that’s the moment America began to win the competition of the 21st century. So with confidence, optimism, with vision and faith in each other, let’s believe in possibilities. Let’s believe in one another. And let’s believe in America. God bless you all and make God protect our troops. Now, let me sign this bipartisan bill.

Good man.

Oh, my mask.

I tell you what, I know what you mean. It’s the only reason I did stop. Well, folks, I’m going to get you each a pen, but there’s 30 of you up here. I only got one pen.

All right.

Okay, here we go.

.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.