Thanks, . I wish I were here under different circumstances, but you really took a hit. New Jersey took a hit. Parts of my state as well, but New Jersey and New York in particular. I want to begin by thanking Senator Booker for all the work he’s doing in the Senate trying to get this infrastructure and the things we have to do to not just build back, but build back better than it was before. I want to thank Representative Watson. Now, am I in your district, or am I in … I’m in Tommy’s district.

In the moment. Okay. We’re right on the line.

Yeah, I think that’s true. You also have one of the best state police forces in the nation. I’m a big  guy, and so is Delaware. But thank you very much for all you do. Look. To the local officials, the mayors and the county commissioner, you really get hit first. They come to you first. They want to know what’s going on, what you can do to help them. In some cases, even with search and rescue, you have some of the least reach in terms of the availability of resources.

The one thing I will say, and I really want to thank my FEMA director. She’s done one thing that … and we had a great FEMA director in the past as well. That makes it work. When you get local, state, and federal working together, it is more than three times. It’s like ten times what it would be just having one moving, and the losses that we witnessed today are profound, dozens of lost lives, homes destroyed in Manville, including by gas leaks triggered by the flooding, damaged infrastructure, including the rail system. My thoughts are with all those families affected by the storms and all those families that have lost someone they love, and understand there’s still two … Is it two people missing or …

Four people still missing, and I especially want to thank … It’s an overused phrase, but the brave first responders who have exemplified the courage, both in New Jersey and next door in New York. They’ve done an incredible job, and working closely with Governor Murphy, we’re going to continue to do so. I’m here to see firsthand what the damage is and find out directly from you all what is most needed. Look, FEMA has been, I hope, as responsive as we’ve intended them to be. I’m sure they have. 132 personnel from FEMA so far, including federal search and rescue teams, including 60 individuals, incident management assistant teams of 20 people to support these response operations, and mobile emergency response support teams, six of them, to provide communication and logistics support.

On Sunday, when we spoke to the governor and he asked for the major disaster declaration, we made it available immediately so that we could speed federal assistance as quickly as we could to hard-hit communities. FEMA administrators were on the ground here in New Jersey yesterday, I believe, to assess the damage. He’s visited two communities, Mullica Hills and Winona, hit by the tornado that was on the ground. For over 13 miles, that was on the ground, that tornado, those tornadoes. HHS secretaries work with the state to make sure folks on Medicare and Medicaid get the emergency care they need now, and we’re going to make sure the relief is equitable so that those hardest hit get what they need. We know there’s a lot more to do, and that’s why we’re here.

For decades, scientists have warned of extreme weather, it would be more extreme, and climate change was here. We’re living through it. Now we don’t have any more time. I’ve been on the telephone or on the road an awful lot between California, Idaho, New Orleans … Excuse me, not New Orleans, Louisiana, but New Orleans, Mississippi, and here. I mean, every part of the country, every part of the country is getting hit by extreme weather. We’re now living in real time what the country is going to look like and if we don’t do something. We can’t turn it back very much, but we can prevent it from getting worse.

So we’re all in this together, and we’ve got to make sure that we don’t leave any community behind. It’s all across the country. The members of Congress know from their colleagues in Congress that looks like a tornado, they don’t call them that anymore, that hit the crops and wetlands in the middle of the country in Iowa and Nevada. I mean, it’s just across the board. As I said, we’re in this together.

So one of the things that today I’m going to ask you about when we get into some question and answers here is about how we’re going to build back. We’re going to build back realizing what the status of the climate is now, what the trajectory of it is going to be, and we all know you can’t just build back to what it was before. Whatever damage done in New Jersey, you can’t build back and restore what it was before, because another tornado, another 10 inches of rain’s going to produce the same kind of results. So I want to talk a little bit about the specifics about the things you think you would need not just to get back to normal, but to get back to a place where if it happened again, the damage would be considerably less.

That’s what this is all about in my view. This is an opportunity. I think the country’s finally acknowledged the fact that global warming is real and it’s moving at an incredible pace. We’ve got to do something about it. I’m going to be going from here to the COP 29 in Glasgow for the world meeting together and how we’re going to deal with climate change. I think we’re at one of those inflection points where we either act or we’re going to be in real, real trouble. Our kids are going to be in real trouble. So I want to thank you, and I yield back to you, Governor.

It’s okay as long as you send the money.

Thank you, Shanel.

The best.

Thank all your troopers for us, too, for real.

Okay.