.

Thank you.

.

Good afternoon. Please, all be seated, please. Madam Secretary, Deb, you’ve done an incredible job in a short amount of time. I told you when I asked you to be Secretary of Interior that I understood I was politically raised by  Indian nations, Indian nations. I want to thank all the leaders that are here today for your support, your help getting this done. It’s really, really important. I want to thank Brenda, the Council of Environmental Quality, and Gina McCarthy. If you need any translation, talk to me after. Gina, you’re the best. You’re the best. I want you to know although he didn’t speak today, we want to thank my buddy Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture, for being here today, because he’s about preservation.

Maria, Senator Cantwell, thank you for your really hard, consistent, unrelenting work on these issues. I also want to thank Michael Bennett the same way. He’s been in this and ever from the moment he got elected has been pushing hard. Rubin, I want to thank you, Congressman Gallego, for the work you’ve done and continue to do. I really mean it.

This may be the easiest thing I’ve ever done so far as President. I mean it. I mean it. I’ve got to tell you a quick story. When I was running for office, and I’m embarrassed I can’t remember exactly which state I was in, but a gentleman and I think it was his wife and a little girl said … The little girl said, “Can I talk to you?” She had this … I couldn’t understand what she had in her hand. It looked like a teddy bear. She said, “Can I talk to you, Mr.?” She wasn’t sure what to call me, because I wasn’t elected yet. “Mr. President or Mr. Vice President.” I said, “Sure. What’s the matter, honey?”

She said, “I want to give you something. I want to give you some bear’s ears.” I looked at her, and she gave me this little set of bear’s ears. She said, “You’ve got to promise me. You’ve got to promise me you’ll protect the bear’s ears.” I’m thinking, “What the heck?” I mean, at the time I knew bears, but I just didn’t quite get it. Her dad said, “A national park.” I said, “Oh, yeah.” She went and looked. She said, “You promise? You promise?” I promised, and it’s the easiest promise that I’ve made in a long time.

I’m grateful to the tribal nation leaders and both those who are here with us today and those are unable to join us. Today I’m proud to announce the protection and expansion of three of the most treasured national monuments, our most treasured based on powers granted to the president under the Antiquities Act first used more than a century ago by Teddy Roosevelt.

First, Bears Ears National Monument in Utah. This is the first national monument in the country to be established at the request of federally recognized tribes and a place of healing, as was spoken by the secretary, a place of reverence, a sacred homeland to hundreds of generations of Native peoples. The last administration reduced the size by 85%, leaving vulnerable more than one million acres of cherished landscape. Today I will shortly be signing a proclamation to fully restore the boundaries of Bears Ears.

Second, I’m restoring Utah’s Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, a place of unique and extraordinary geology as well as biodiversity established as a national monument 25 years ago this month. Over the last quarter century, this land has produced a significant scientific discoveries per acre, more than any other national monument, everything from fossils to ancient Indigenous artifacts. Once again, the last administration cut the size of the monument nearly in half, stripping away more than 800,000 protected acres. Today I’m signing a proclamation to restore it to its full glory.

Third, off the coast of New England, I’m restoring protection of the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument, waters teaming with life with underwater canyons as deep as parts of the Grand Canyon and underwater mountains as tall as the Appalachians. There’s nothing like it in the world, because its unique biodiversity, marine scientists believe that this is a key to understanding life under the sea. President Obama established it as a national monument five years ago, recognizing its irreplaceable value. Again, my predecessor chipped away at its protections. The proclamation I’ll be signing today is going to restore protections established by President Obama when this monument was first created. Excuse me.

The protection of public lands must become, must not become, I should say, a pendulum that swings back and forth depending on who’s in public office. It’s not a partisan issue, and I want to thank the members of Congress for coming together to support this important conservation work. By the way, I might add as a matter of courtesy, I spoke with both the senators from Utah. They didn’t agree with what I was doing, but they were gracious and polite about it, and I appreciate that as well.

Truth is, national monuments and parks are part of our identity as a people. They are more than natural wonders. They’re the birthright we pass from generation to generation, a birthright of every American. Preserving them is a fulfillment of a promise to our children and all those who will come to leave this world a little better than we found it. But today our children are three times more likely to see climate disasters uproot and unsettle their lives than their grandparents generation. We have to come together and understand why this work is so critical.

When we’re protecting care for a forest, we’re not just preserving the majesty of nature. We’re safeguarding water sources and lessening the impact of fires. Excuse me, and the impact of fires. We’re protecting wetlands. We’re not only saving birds and fish and the livelihoods of people that depend on them. We’re also shoring up the natural defenses to absorb the fury of hurricanes and super storms. Nearly one in three Americans live in a community that has been struck by weather disasters just in the last few months, hurricanes, wildfires, droughts, heat waves. Both the Build Back Better plan and my bipartisan infrastructure are going to make critical investments, significantly increasing the resilience to these devastating effects on the climate crisis.

It includes creation of a Civilian Climate Corps, similar to President Franklin Roosevelt’s Conservation Corps. It’s going to put diverse groups of Americans to work doing everything from restoring wetlands to protecting clean water to making forests more resilient against wildfires. My plan also puts Americans on a course to achieve 50 to 52% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and to reach net zero emissions no later than 2050. Achieving these ambitious goals is going to require that nature itself play a role.

Scientists estimate that the protection and restoration of natural lands and waters can provide nearly 40% of the solutions to climate change. That’s why I’m signing these proclamations today as an additional reason. It’s also why I’m restoring protections for the Tongass National Forest in Alaska, which I’ve had the great honor to visit. As a matter of fact, when I was meeting with … Back in the days when the Senator from Alaska, I was with him after the oil spill on the North Slope, and we stopped in the Tongass Forest. He sat me at a table in this magnificent restaurant in the middle of the Tongass Forest, which has tree trunks as big as those trees holding up the whole building. It’s magnificent.

He sat me with what I kidding call Hoss Cartwright and his family, four big guys, really big, big guys. They had a lumber company that they were foresting the area, and they wanted me to support paying for roads into the national forest so they could forest. We started the conversation. To make a long story short, when I made it clear I wasn’t going to do that, a father turned to his son, who looked like that program, Hoss Cartwright, big fella. He said, “I’ll bet” … I won’t use the exact language. He turned to me. I’m across the table, and it’s just got he and three of his sons. He said, “I’ll bet this so-and-so,” referring to me, expletive deleted, “doesn’t realize he’s closer to Lexington, Kentucky today than he was when he just flew off the North Slope.” It made the point to me. Alaska’s pretty big. There’s an awful lot we need to protect.

But that’s why I’m working to protect Bristol Bay from mining operations that would threaten one of the world’s largest salmon runs. That’s why I’m refusing to sell off the Arctic National Wildlife reserve to oil and gas. These protections provide a bridge to our past, but they also build a bridge to a safer, more sustainable future, one where we strengthen our economy and pass on a healthy planet to our children and our grandchildren.

Let me close with this. Edward Abbey, a writer who once worked as a ranger at the Arches National Park in Utah, wrote, and I quote, “This is the most beautiful place on Earth. There are many such places. Every man, every woman carries in heart and mind the image of the ideal place, the right place, the one true home, known or unknown, actual or visionary.” Folks, that’s the United States of America. That’s America, a country we all share together, a country that we must protect together. This is just one more step in doing what other presidents have done, starting with Teddy Roosevelt. I’m now going to sign these proclamations, and thank you all. Thank you all for your support. Thank you. Come on.

All right. First one I’m signing is Grand Staircase.

All right. The second one I’m signing is Bears Ears.

Wish I could remember that little girl’s name. I hope she’s watching.

Oh, it’s important to me. You guys know it better than anybody. All right. Here we go. I’m going to get you all a pen.

The third one I’m signing is the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument. . Go on. Somebody grab one that doesn’t have one.

Next one. Next one. Next one.

Thank you. Next one.

I’m going to keep going here. How many more? ?

. Okay. Two more. Barack used to be able to do this. It’d say Barack Obama. He didn’t always have the two pens.

One more. If I don’t have enough pens …

Everybody get one?

All right. Thank you. Thank you all very much.