Thank you, Boris. And I want to thank that fellow down under, thank you very much pal, appreciate it Mr. Prime Minister.

I’m honored today to be joined by two of America’s closest allies, Australia and the United Kingdom, to launch a new phase of the trilateral security cooperation among our country. As Prime Minister Morrison and Prime Minister Johnson said, I want to thank you for this partnership, your vision as we embark together on this strategic mission.

Although Australia, the UK, and US partnership, AUKUS, it sounds strange and all these acronyms, but it’s a good one, AUKUS, our nations will update and enhance our shared ability to take on the threats of the 21st century, just as we did in the 20th century. Together, our nations and our brave fighting forces have stood shoulder to shoulder for literally more than 100 years through the trench fighting in World War I, the island hopping in World War II, during the frigid winners in Korea, and the scorching heat of the Persian Gulf, the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom have long been faithful and capable partners, and we’re even closer today.

Today, we’re taking another historic step to deepen and formalize cooperation among all three of our nations, because we all recognize the imperative of ensuring peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific over the long term. We need to be able to address both the current strategic environment in the region and how it may evolve because the future of each of our nations, and indeed the world, depends on a free and open Indo-Pacific enduring and flourishing in the decades ahead.

This is about investing in our greatest source of strength, our alliances, and updating them to better meet the threats of today and tomorrow. It’s about connecting America’s existing allies and partners in new ways, and amplifying our ability to collaborate recognizing there is no regional divide separating the interests of our Atlantic and Pacific partners.

Indeed, this effort reflects the broader trend of key European countries playing an extremely important role in the Indo-Pacific. France in particular already has substantial Indo-Pacific presence, and is a key partner and ally in strengthening the security and prosperity of the region. The United States looks forward to working closely with France and other key countries as we go forward.

And finally, this initiative is about making sure that each of us has a modern capability, the most modern capabilities we need to maneuver and defend against rapidly evolving threats.

AUKUS will bring together our sailors, our scientists, and our industries to maintain and expand our edge in military capabilities and critical technologies such as cyber, artificial intelligence, quantum technologies, and undersea domains.

As a key project under AUKUS we are launching consultations with Australia’s acquisition of conventionally-armed nuclear powered submarines for its Navy, conventionally-armed. I want to be exceedingly clear about this, we’re not talking about nuclear-armed submarines. These are conventionally-armed submarines that are powered by nuclear reactors. This technology is proven, it’s safe, and the United States and the UK have been operating nuclear powered submarines for decades.

I have asked Secretary Austin of the Department of Defense to lead this effort for the US government. In close collaboration with the Department of Energy and the Department of State our governments will now launch an 18 month consultation period to determine every element of this program, from workforce, to training requirements, to production timelines, to safeguards, and non-proliferation measures, and to nuclear stewardship and safety to ensure full compliance with each of our nation’s commitments under The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.

We’ll all undertake this effort in a way that reflects the longstanding leadership in global non-proliferation and rigorous verification standards, in partnership and consultation with the International Atomic Energy Agency.

So I want to thank the Prime Minister, Prime Minister Morrison, and Prime Minister Johnson, for their friendship, but mostly important for their leadership and partnership as we undertake this new phase of our security cooperation.

And the United States will also continue to work with ASEAN and the Quad as was stated earlier, our five treaty allies and other close partners in the Indo-Pacific, as well as allies and partners in Europe and around the world to maintain a free and open Indo-Pacific, and build a future of peace, opportunity for all the people of the region.

We’re joining together, our partnerships are getting stronger, this is what we’re about. I want to thank you all, and I look forward to seeing both of you in person very soon I hope. Thank you. Thank you.