I’m honored to have a chance to have him here. He returned a small amount of hospitality compared to all the hospitality he provided for the G7 and our families in Cornwall. And since then our countries have worked with close cooperation on a whole range of things in our fellow democracies. We continue to work on, and we’re going to talk about today, the ambitions we made out at the G7 and we’re turning to our revitalized Atlantic Charter to make it something to turn into real action. So it plays a major role with the challenges we face.

Earlier today, I addressed the United Nations General Assembly, and I made clear the climate has to be the core area of action for all of us. As we look ahead to UK-hosted COP26, which I am really anxious to attend in Glasgow in November, Mr. Prime Minister.

And we’re promoting our democratic-

We’re going to be there.

With bells on, as they say. We’re going to also … Our economies have to work together, including through our Build Back Better World Initiative that we launched at Carbis Bay. Today we’re going to discuss the next steps on all of this, and as well as how the US and UK can continue our cooperation in Afghanistan and the Indo-Pacific and around the world. I want to thank you again, Boris, for making the effort to be here. And I understand, Boris, I just want you to know Boris, you came down on Amtrak, is that right?

I am. I’ve traveled millions of miles. You think I’m joking?

Well, they should. I travel more on Amtrak. I think if I were conductor, I’d be number one in seniority. I got to tell you a quick story that has nothing to do with anything. When I was vice president, the secret service didn’t like me traveling on Amtrak because there we’re too many options for people to cause trouble along the way, but I insisted I do it. One day they put in the newspaper, “Biden travels 1 million … I think, don’t hold me to exact numbers, I think it was 350,000 miles on Air Force Two. And walking up to getting on the train on that Friday, and a guy who was the number three guy from New Jersey on seniority as a conductor, walked up and grabbed me, and he goes like this, “Joey, baby.” Grabs me cheek. I thought the secret service was going to shoot him.

And I said, “No, no, he’s a friend.” He said, “Joey, big deal. A 1,300,000 miles on Air Force Two, you know how many miles you travel on Amtrak?” I said, “No.” He said, “At the retirement dinner we worked it out.” He said, “36 years in the Senate. X number of years at that point as vice president. Average 131 days a year, 257 miles a day. Joey you traveled over 2 million miles, big deal.”

I thought they should name the railroad after me or something, but anyway.

Yeah, they did that.

And we’re going to be working on lamb, too.

Good luck.

Ask him a question.

Two things. One, that latter case is being worked on. I was under the impression, but I don’t know this. I want to be clear. I was under the impression there had been a civil settlement reached, but I don’t know that.

Based on what I’ve been told, it was not an intentional act. It was someone who is new to driving on the wrong side of the road, quote unquote. But, I’ll follow up on that. I express my sympathies when it occurred, but I don’t know the status of that case right now. The other question was?

A Brexit free trade … Well, we’re going to talk about trade a little bit today, and we’re going to have to work that through.

You smiled when you said, “The whiskey.”

There are two separate issues. On the deal with UK, that’s continued to be discussed. But on the protocols, I feel very strongly about those. We spent an enormous amount of time and effort in the United States. It was a major bipartisan effort made. I would not at all like to see, nor I might add would many of my Republican colleagues like to see a change in the Irish courts, at the end result having a closed border again.