Hello folks. Please, sit. I want to thank… You can take these off while we’re speaking. I want to thank our participants that are here as well as those who are on Zoom. And this is to state the obvious important and important get together. And I’m going to make some brief comments, maybe ask a few questions, and then we’ll yield and go down the road here and maybe we can, all of us both virtually as well as in person here, we can hopefully make some progress. I want to thank the secretary of treasury, Secretary Yellen, Commerce Secretary Raimondo, I see her on the screen there, it’s good to see you, and the leaders of some of America’s most important businesses and institutions, the American Association of Retired Persons, the AARP, Bank of America, Citibank, Deloitte, Intel, JP Morgan, NASDAQ, the National Association of Realtors and  for joining me today to talk about the need to raise the debt limit. We haven’t failed to do that since our inception as a country. We need to act.

These leaders know the need to act. The United States pays its bills. It’s who we are, it’s who we’ve been, it’s who we’re going to continue to be, God-willing. That’s what’s called the full faith and credit, the United States. Let me be clear, raising the debt limit is paying our old debts. It has nothing to do with new spending or what may be coming this year or other years. It has nothing to do with my plans on infrastructure, of building back better, both of which are paid for but they’re not even in the queue right now. It’s about paying for what we owe and preventing a catastrophic event occurring in our economy.

I’m glad these leaders are here to talk about the real world impact this is going to have on people and on our position in the world. Today’s discussion won’t be partisan, it shouldn’t be. Raising the debt limit is usually bi-partisan. Let me speak for myself here. I want to be clear so the American people understand what’s going on. There’s a Senate vote today to raise the debt limit. Traditionally, it needs only 50 votes. We were informed by our Republican friends that they had…

…  by our Republican friends that they had to be all Democrat votes, they weren’t going to help. Said, okay, we’ll provide 50 votes. The definition and the Democrats, we have the votes. The Democrats are willing to step up and stop this economic catastrophe if Senate Republicans will just get out of the way. But our Senate Republican friends are planning to block the vote to raise the debt limit by using the procedural power called the filibuster. To say that in plain English, it means you have to have 60 votes when there’s a filibuster, 60 votes, a super majority instead of 50 to get anything done. It’s not right and it’s dangerous. The reason we have to raise the debt limit is in part because of the policies of the previous administration which incurred nearly $8 trillion in bills in four years, some of which Democrats voted for. More than a quarter of all the debt now outstanding. We had to raise the debt limit three times when Donald Trump was president, and the Republicans moved to raise it each time, and each time the Democrats supported the effort to raise the debt. But now, Republicans won’t raise the debt limit despite being responsible for what the debt limit, why it has to be raised, for the bills that are outstanding. They won’t raise it enough, then we’re going to be defaulting on a debt that would lead to self-inflicted wounds that risk the market tanking and wiping out retirement savings and costing jobs. Defaulting on the debt, which Secretary Yellen said could happen at any day after October the 18th, that’s when we run out of money, means that social security benefits will stop, salaries to service members will stop, benefits to veterans will stop and much more.

The failure to raise the debt will undermine the safety of the United States Treasury securities, threaten the reserve status of the dollar as the world currency that the world relies on, downgrade America’s credit rating, and result in a rise in interest rates for families, talking about mortgages, auto loans, credit cards. My friends, and they are many of my friends, the Senate Republicans position I find to be not only hypocritical but dangerous and a bit disgraceful, especially as we’re crawling our way out of a pandemic that cost America 700,000 lives thus far, and we’re still battling it. Our markets are rattled, America’s savings are on the line. The American people, your savings, your pocketbook are directly impacted by this stunt. It doesn’t have to be this way. My Republican friends need to stop playing Russian roulette with the US economy. If they don’t want to do the job, just get out of the way. We’ll take the heat, we’ll do it. We will do it. Let us do it.

Let the Democrats vote to raise the debt limit without obstruction or any further delays. House Democrats have already passed the bill that would do that, raise the debt limit and keep the government functioning. It’s sitting in the United States Senate right now where Democrats with no help from Republicans have the votes today to pass the debt limit. The path Republicans offer would take us right to the brink and cause a reparable economic damage in my view. So let’s vote and end this mess today. That’s the only way to eliminate the uncertainty and risk that will remain for American families and our economy if we don’t.

Over more than 200 years, America’s built this hard earned reputation of the strongest, safest, and most secure investment in the world. And that’s why the United States is the financial rock the world looks to and trusts. Now in one cynical destructive partisan ploy, just for politics, our Republican friends are teetering on the brink here. They’re threatening to boot that all away. Now it’s a meteor headed to crash into our economy. We should all want to stop it, stop it immediately. This shouldn’t be partisan, and I’m thankful for the leaders who share the urgency on why we need to act and we need to act now. Many of them are here with me. Not next week, now. Look forward to hearing from their perspectives and we’ll now get this meeting started with my colleagues permission.

I’d like to start off if I may with a question for Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi. By the way, congratulations on your award. You run one of the largest banks in America and what impacts are you seeing or do you think you’ll see from this obstruction? What does it mean for the small businesses and everyday people if we renege on the debt here?

Well, thank you, and you make a very good point that we’re, God willing, I think we’re just about to begin to turn the corner again on the pandemic. And an awful lot of small businesses, tens of thousands of them, have acquired significant debt. We provided significant relief as well, but it’s just an incredibly complicating feature. I’d like now, with her permission, I’d like to ask Adena Friedman, the CEO of NASDAQ, whether she’d be willing to give us her thoughts. And thank you for taking the time, Miss Friedman, to talk to us.

Let me ask you the DEFCON 10 question. If we don’t, we default even for a day or two, what do you think the impact on the market will be?

What does that do to people’s retirement accounts?

Well, thank you. I don’t mean thank you for the result, but thank you for explaining to people who are watching us how consequential this is. I see our old buddy, Jamie Dimon up there at JP Morgan. Jamie, excuse me for calling you Jamie. Mr. CEO, it’s good to see you. Why from your perspective do we need to raise the debt limit immediately before October 18th?

Well, I’m glad you raised that last point. Because when I got back from the G7 and subsequently with a number of virtual meetings with my colleagues and heads of state, I know Brian Moynihan knows about this as well. We are not only being measured in terms of our strength and our reliability based upon the size of our military and/or the physical strength that we possess, but it’s on whether or not we can function. There’s a great debate going on and I’m not exaggerating this. All of you deal internationally.

There’s a great debate going on whether or not in the 21st century, in the second quarter of the 21st century can democracies function with things moving so rapidly? And I can tell you a couple of the folks I’ve spent a lot of time with of late, Mr. Putin and Mr. Xi Jinping, they really believe that autocracies are the only way forward because they can act quickly and decisively. It’s not a joke. And we’re seeing effects of this around the world. And I don’t know. It’s understandable why the average American wouldn’t understand what the consequences of this will be for American security and the willingness of other countries to follow our lead.

We have always led the world, not just by the example of our power, but the power of our example. And that’s going to be called in to severe question. I mean, for real, for real and has consequences that are real. Jamie, what does further delay mean for a company like yours and the family you serve, even if we just go on right up to the brink?

Well, I thank you. We’re going to get to everybody, but I’m going to yield to the director of the Office of Public Engagement, former chairman of the Black Caucus in Congress, Cedric Richmond. Cedric.