

Karen Pence: (00:03)
We love Pennsylvania. Thank you. Well, my job today is to introduce my best friend. I’m going to keep it short and sweet, but I will tell you that in 1999 after we’d run a couple of times for Congress, we felt called to run again. And in 2000, Mike was elected to the United States Congress. And we had run on faith, family, and freedom. And he served 12 years in the United States Congress, and he rose to be the third highest member of Congress. And so in Congress, he fought for our freedoms. And also, he traveled back and forth all the time to Indiana, but he always was home on Sunday so that we could worship together. So he stood for faith.

Karen Pence: (01:07)
And then for our family, he didn’t miss the little things. He didn’t miss our daughter Charlotte’s first violin recital, and he didn’t miss their sporting games and their school plays and those kinds of things. And during the crazy years of being a United States Congressman, we kept our family together and then we were still together for a lot of those memories that you make as a family. And then 2012, we felt called to go back home, back home again to Indiana. And Mike ran for governor and we were running for reelection to governor when we got that call. And he said, ” Mike, it’s going to be great.” And it has been great. It has been really great. And so here we are one more day to four more years, Vice President Mike Pence. (singing).

Mike Pence: (03:55)
Well hello Pennsylvania. To Congressman Kelly, to all you who have been with us every step of the way, it is great to be back in the Keystone State one more day to four more years.

Speaker 1: (04:08)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Mike Pence: (04:22)
That’s what I’m talking about. It’s really the greatest to be with all of you today. Thank you all for coming out. This is our second stop today of four stops. And we’re going to wrap up tonight in Michigan with President Donald Trump. But being with you all in here, it’s really a privilege for us and a joy. And it’s also a particular joy for me to be traveling today with my best friend. She’s a military mom. She’s been dedicated to military families like no one else, been my wife for 35 years, but she’s the best second lady this country has ever had. Would you join me in thanking my incredible wife Karen Pence. Karen and I and our daughter are here for the same reason you are and that is that Pennsylvania and America need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House. It’s on Pennsylvania and the road to victory goes right through the Keystone State.

Mike Pence: (05:37)
Four years ago, you believed we could be strong again. You believed we could be prosperous again. You said yes to President Donald Trump in 2016 and I know that Pennsylvania is going to say yes to four more years of President Donald Trump in 2020. Are you with me? I mean, we need the freedom loving people here in a state where our nation was literally forged in the other side of the state. We just need you to do what you did in 2016. We need Pennsylvania to show America that this is Trump country.

Mike Pence: (06:24)
It’s really good to be with all of you and I appreciate you coming out, a hardy bunch, but there’s one strong guy that I’m particularly privileged to be with today. I served with him in the Congress of the United States. He’s the son of Pittsburgh. He actually spent a little bit of time in Indiana playing football at a place called Notre Dame. But he came home, ran an incredibly successful business, but 10 years ago when I was still serving in the Congress, he stepped forward with those broad shoulders, those clear Conservative principles, and I’m going to tell you what, he has become one of the most consistent, strong, and earliest allies of President Donald Trump and our agenda and the Congress of the United States. Would you join me in thanking Congressman Mike Kelly for all he does for the cause and the country? Come on, let’s here it for Kelly everybody.

Speaker 1: (07:27)
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Mike Pence: (07:40)
So do I and so does he. So thank you for always being here. Congressman, thank you for being here. Thank you for always being there for President Donald Trump and the agenda that’s made America great again. Would you? I just appreciate you so much. And I know the enthusiasm here today is because you all know all that we’ve accomplished over the last four years. I mean, four years ago, we inherited the military that was hollowed down by devastating budget cuts, an economy and struggling to break out of the slowest recovery since the Great Depression, terrorism was on the rise around the world, and we’re still, our most cherish values were consistently under assault out of Washington DC. But in three short years, we rebuilt our military. We revived our economy. We secured our borders, supported law enforcement, and stood for life, liberty, and the Constitution of the United States of America.

Mike Pence: (08:55)
And on the economy, it couldn’t be more dramatic. Joe Biden spent eight years in the last administration trying to tax and spend and regulate and bail us back to a growing economy, presided over the slowest recovery in more than 80 years. President Donald Trump, he created the greatest economy in American history and he’s doing it all over again. I mean, how about those new GDP numbers last week? Did you see it? The American economy grew by 33% third quarter alone. I mean, it’s incredible. Shattered any previous record. The great American comeback is on and with four more years of president Donald Trump in the White House, we’re going to bring the American economy back bigger and better than ever before.

Mike Pence: (09:56)
The president actually, he saw those GDP numbers, and he says it’s the biggest in history, not even close and it’s the truth. And that great American comeback is a testament to the character and the resilience and the strength of the American people, but it’s also a tribute to our president and to our allies in the Congress, whose policies created the greatest economy the world has ever known. That’s why it’s so astonishing today in the midst of a global pandemic that Joe Biden wants to raise taxes by $4 trillion. He wants to pass a $2 trillion Green New Deal that would crush jobs in Pennsylvania and around America. And they want to add socialized medicine to Obamacare, putting at risk the private health insurance of 180 million Americans. And under President Donald Trump, we cut taxes across the board for working families and for businesses. We rolled back more federal red tape than any administration in history. We fought for free and fair trade, unleashed American energy, and in three short years, America created 7 million good paying jobs, including 200,000 jobs in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Speaker 1: (11:25)
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Mike Pence: (11:38)
That’s what I’m talking about. I love being in Pennsylvania because it just reminds us of home doesn’t it dear? It’s a lot of great, good, hard working people. I always say in Indiana just like Pennsylvania. I mean, we do two things well, we make things and we grow things. Am I right? But when Joe Biden was vice president, they lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs. And the last president said those manufacturing jobs were never coming back. Remember? Yeah, he said what magic wand do you have? Well, we didn’t need a magic wand. We just needed President Donald Trump in the White House. 500,000 manufacturing jobs creating in just three years, including 17, 000 right in the Keystone State. I’ll tell you, we brought them back. Manufacturing come roaring back in those first three years. And our trade polices were a big part of it. In President Donald Trump, you have a president that will always put American jobs and American workers first. But when we took office, half of our international trade deficit was with one country, Communist China. And Joe Biden has been a cheerleader for Communist China all along the way.

Mike Pence: (13:02)
… For Communist China, all along the way. He said the rise of China was a positive development. He scoffed at the idea that China was even competition. And President Trump, he put China on notice on day one. We stood up to China’s steel dumping. We imposed tariffs on China’s steel and goods. And we made it clear, we’re going to stand firm. The era of the economic surrender is over. And you all remember NAFTA, right, out here in the Heartland of America? And 25 years after NAFTA was signed into law, we saw, this is hard to believe but it’s a correct number, more than 60000 factories in America closed. And a lot of those jobs moved south of the border or overseas. Now Democrats always used to love to complain about NAFTA, one election after another. Remember, you’d always hear about it. But Joe Biden and the Democrats never lifted a finger to do anything to fix it. But the man who wrote The Art of the Deal got the White House. We got a way better deal. NAFTA is gone, and the USMCA is here to stay. It’s a huge win for Pennsylvania, for manufacturing and for farmers. It’s just really this. Levels the playing field, takes out of those incentives to be moving jobs south of the border.

Mike Pence: (14:36)
We had a little Vice Presidential debate in Salt Lake City, a couple of weeks back. I don’t know if you got a chance to… Thank you. Some people think we did all right. Thank you. Thank you. But I brought this up in the debate. Because I… people in this country deserve to know, Kamala Harris was actually rated the most liberal member of the United State Senate, last year. And evidence of that, Joe Biden’s running mate, Kamala Harris, was one of only 10 senators to vote against the USMCA. She said it didn’t go far enough on climate change. Kamala Harris put her radical environmental agenda ahead of American jobs and American workers. With President Donald Trump, we will always put American workers first.

Audience: (15:44)
USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA-

Mike Pence: (15:45)
And when it comes to energy, so important here in Pennsylvania, but it’s so important to every American. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris want to crush American energy under a $2 trillion version of the Green New Deal. Joe Biden’s running mate was actually one of the original co-sponsors of the Green New Deal in the United States Senate. Now, they passed that massive Green New Deal. It’ll raise the cost of electricity in every home in this state and nation, and raise the cost of electricity for every business. The truth is, Joe Biden actually told a group of miners, about a year ago that they’d have to learn to code, if he ever became President. President Donald Trump, he’s been a champion for all of the above energy for the American people. And we’re now a net exporter of energy for the first time in 70 years. And the war on coal is over.

Mike Pence: (16:48)
Now, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris spent the last year talking about how they wanted to ban fracking and abolish fossil fuels. Seriously. Banning fracking would destroy hundreds of thousands of jobs, just in Pennsylvania alone. And they said over and over again for the last year, they were going to ban fracking. Until a couple weeks back, remember? He showed up in Pittsburgh, and Joe Biden tried to convince people in Pennsylvania that he’s not for banning fracking. He actually said our President was lying about his record.

Mike Pence: (17:30)
And then, at the Presidential Debate… And how well did President Trump do at that Presidential Debate? Am I right? How great was that. It was a great night. Anyway, at the Presidential Debate, like 90 minutes in, energy comes up, and Joe Biden says he’s going to, quote, “transition from the oil industry.” I love what the President said, “That’s a big statement.” But now, before the morning was out, before the next day, they were already denying it, no, we’re not going to ban fracking. We’re not going to abolish fossil fuels. Joe Biden actually said in the debate, he said, I never said that. Show the tape, and we’ve been showing the tape. Not hard to fine. Come on. Look, they’re denying it right now. But look, I was born in the morning, but not yesterday morning. You all know what’s going on here. Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and the radical left are going to ban fracking and abolish fossil fuels, if they make it to the White House. But we’re not going to let it happen. We’re going to have more fracking, more American energy. And energy independence for generations to come.

Mike Pence: (18:53)
That’s one more reason why we need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House.

Audience: (19:06)
Four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years.

Mike Pence: (19:14)
On jobs and on energy and energy independence, the choice is clear. And it’s no surprise that I heard yesterday, for the first time in nearly 50 years, the Pittsburgh Post Gazette is endorsing a Republican for President. They’re endorsing President Donald Trump for four more years. How great is that.

Mike Pence: (19:41)
So men and women of Pennsylvania, we have a choice to make. And I know you’ve already made it. But it’s a choice. You got to tell your neighbors and friends, anybody that hadn’t decided on this thing. This is a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden depression. There’s a study that came out just the other day, nonpartisan study in Washington. Said Joe Biden’s economic policies would cost 5 million American jobs and reduce household incomes by $6500 a year.

Mike Pence: (20:16)
So over the next day and a half, if you run into a family member, a neighbor or friend or coworker, that hasn’t made a decision yet, I want you to tell them, “I was out at the airport in Erie, I ran into the Pences and Mike said, if I had only one question to ask you, if they’re not decided yet. But just one question, it would be this. Look them right in the eye and say, who do you really think could bring the American economy all the way back? Who do you really think could make 2021 a bigger year than ever in the history of this country? A guy that’s spent 47 years in Washington, raising taxes, growing government, stifling American energy, waving a white flag on trade, or a proven job creator, who’s leading the fastest economic recovery in history.”

Mike Pence: (21:20)
For our jobs, for our future, we need four more years of President Donald Trump.

Audience: (21:28)
Four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years.

Mike Pence: (21:35)
You got it. Yeah, ask them that question. And you watch how… You find somebody, they’ll look at you and go, “Well, you know what? You’re right. That’s true.

Mike Pence: (21:50)
So it’s all about our prosperity and our jobs, and there are things, so much more foundational than that, that this election is about as well. And I think you all know that security is the foundation of our prosperity. And I couldn’t be more proud to serve alongside a President who cares so deeply about the men and women of our armed forces and their families. You might not know, the Pences are actually a military family. My son’s a United States Marine. And our daughter is married to a Navy pilot, who’s currently deployed overseas, serving in the US Navy. She’s an author in her own right. She’s got an incredible career underway. But I got to tell you, we couldn’t be more proud of our daughter and her husband. Would you join me in welcoming Charlotte Pence Bond, back out on the campaign trail with her dad. She’s an amazing young lady.

Mike Pence: (23:05)
But y’all deserve to know though, when Joe Biden was Vice President, we saw years of reckless budget cuts to our national defense. When we took office, I was told that about a third of the airplanes in our Air Force were kept on the ground to be used as spare parts to keep other aircraft in the air. That’s how deep those cuts went. They affected the readiness of our military. And frankly, over the last couple of days, Democrats in Washington have been saying out loud that they’re going to do massive cuts to our national defense, to pay for all of their big government programs.

Audience: (23:41)
Boo.

Mike Pence: (23:41)
President Donald Trump, he signed the largest investment in our national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan. And we’re going to keep him in our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard, the resources and the support they need to defend this nation. And with that renewed Americans strength, we stood with our allies and stood up to her enemies. Now, after four previous Presidents promised to do it, it was President Donald Trump who kept his promise, when he moved the American Embassy to Jerusalem, the capital of the state of Israel. And now the first time in 25 years, three Arab countries have recognized Israel’s right to exist. We stood with our allies. And our European allies now, are doing more for our common defense than ever before. And we’ve stood up to her enemies.

Mike Pence: (24:44)
At the direction of this Commander-in-Chief, late last year, the Armed Forces of the United States captured the last inch of territory under the black flag of ISIS and took out their leader without one American casualty. And President Trump got us out of the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal, and Qasem Soleimani is gone.

Mike Pence: (25:18)
We’ve made the strongest military in the history of the world, stronger still.

Audience: (25:23)
Thank you.

Mike Pence: (25:23)
In fact, just last Friday night, US Special Forces rescued an America, held captive in Nigeria. That American is safe and no US military personnel were injured in the operation. And we’re going to keep standing this strong, with the greatest military in the history of the world. And I promise you that. And we’re going to stand strong with all of you who wore the uniform.

Mike Pence: (25:54)
It’s amazing to think, when Joe Biden was Vice President, we saw years of scandal at the VA. Remember? When you literally have

Mike Pence: (26:03)
… scandal at the VA. You remember? I mean, you literally had people that were dying on waiting lists waiting to get care at the VA. But under President Donald Trump, those days are over. We signed the most sweeping reforms of the VA in 50 years. We fired 3000 VA employees that weren’t given our veterans the care that they earned and Veterans Choices is now available for every veteran in America. And all along the way, in fact, I got to know in this patriotic town. If you served in our armed forces, would you just put your hand in the air and give us a chance to say thank you one more time. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your service, navy. Thank you. Thank you for your service and thank you for our freedom. Closer to home, we’ve stood with those who protect and serve. Every single day, President Trump has stood with the men and women who serve on the thin blue line of law enforcement and we always will.

Mike Pence: (27:25)
President Trump and I know what you know. The men and women who serve in law enforcement are some of the best people in this country and they deserve the respect of every American every day. Would you mind showing the police officers who are here today just how much the people of Erie appreciate what they and their families do. Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you, guys. President Trump and I will always support the right of Americans to peaceful protest. It’s enshrined in our constitution, but rioting and looting like you saw over in Philadelphia this last week. Rioting and looting is not peaceful protest.

Mike Pence: (28:13)
Burning businesses is not free speech. Now, Joe Biden, remember he spent all summer long, just talking about peaceful protests and Joe Biden and Kamala Harris routinely say that police officers in this country have a “implicit bias against minorities.” When he was asked if he would cut funding to law enforcement, Joe Biden said, “Yes, absolutely.” Kamala Harris recently praised the mayor of Los Angeles for cutting $150 million out of the LAPD.

Mike Pence: (28:53)
So let me make you a promise. With four more years of President Donald Trump, we’re not going to defund the police not now, not ever. With four more years, we’re going to back the blue. And we’re going to have law and order in every city, in every state in this nation for every American of every race and creed and color so help us God. So we stood with those who serve. Those of you who did serve, we stood with those who protect our families every day. And every day of this administration we stood for all the freedoms that Americans cherish like freedom of religion, freedom of speech and the second amendment right to keep and bear arms.

Mike Pence: (29:59)
We appointed more than 220 conservatives to our courts at every level who will uphold all those God-given liberties, including Justice Neil Gorsuch, Justice Brett Kavanaugh, and Justice Amy Coney Barrett. Isn’t she great? And not just because she’s from Indiana. How much did you love it when they said, “So can you show us what the notes are in front of you?” Held it up, nothing. I’m telling you, she’s going to serve for generations to come and make an incredible difference. It’s not just been about appointing courts. When Joe Biden was vice president, we actually saw a steady assault on the freedom of religion of Americans.

Mike Pence: (30:49)
The last administration compromised the conscience rights of doctors and nurses and religious charities. They actually hauled a group of Catholic nuns in the federal court to force them to compromise their religion and heel under the mandates of Obamacare. And the leading Democrat on the Judiciary Committee two years ago, show the same religious intolerance when Amy Coney Barrett was up for another court appointment.

Mike Pence: (31:23)
She said she was concerned because Judge Barrett’s Catholic faith was so sincere. She said in, “The dogma lives loudly within you.” And Hollywood elites started attacking Amy Coney Barrett’s faith and convictions ever since and never stopped. Well, I got a message for Democrats in Washington and their friends in Hollywood. That dogma lives loudly in me. That dogma lives loudly in you. And the right to live and work and worship according to our faith lives loudly in the constitution of the United States of America.

Mike Pence: (32:25)
Under President Donald Trump, we stood up for that first freedom. We restored the conscience rights of doctors and nurses. And president Donald Trump ended the assault on the Little Sisters of the Poor and the Supreme Court made it permanent. And finally, where Joe Biden and Kamala Harris support taxpayer funding of abortion all the way up to the moment of birth. I couldn’t be more proud to serve alongside a president who stands without apology for the sanctity of human life.

Mike Pence: (33:16)
So in our first three years if you’re taking notes, rebuilt our military, revived our economy, stood for law and order, liberties and life. And none of that would’ve been impossible without the strong and consistent support of Pennsylvania’s Republicans in Congress. It’s true. So right after you reelect President Donald Trump, we need Pennsylvania to send Congressman Mike Kelly to a new Republican majority in Congress that retires Nancy Pelosi once and for all. Out.

Mike Pence: (34:05)
I’ll tell you, Mike and I were both in Congress the last time we retired Nancy Pelosi and I intend to be there when we do it again. When you look at what we were able to accomplish those first three years, only one way you can describe it. In three short years under President Trump’s leadership, these allies in Congress, we made America great again. It’s true. Then the coronavirus struck from China. But before the first case of community spread anywhere in America before the month of January was out, President Trump suspended all travel from China, the second largest economy in the world.

Mike Pence: (34:55)
No American president had ever done it in our history, but President Donald Trump put the health of America first. Now Joe Biden said that was xenophobic. Basically said it was a racist thing to do. He actually wrote a couple of days earlier that suspending travel during a global pandemic would make things worse, but Joe Biden got it wrong and President Donald Trump got it Right. And I can tell you as the head of the White House Coronavirus Task Force these last eight months, President Trump’s decision to suspend travel from China saved untold American lives. Because it is time to stand up the greatest national mobilization since World War II. It’s true.

Mike Pence: (35:47)
We re-invented testing. We saw it in the manufacturer of billions of supplies for our incredible doctors and nurses. We developed medicines, therapeutics that are saving lives. And literally we are just weeks away from the first safe coronavirus vaccine and we’ll have tens of millions of doses by the end of this year. And I want to promise you, until that day comes when we have that vaccine, we’re going to continue to move heaven and Earth to make sure that the families of this country have access to the level of care that we would want any member of our family to have. We’re going to keep protecting the vulnerable. We’re going to keep saving lives. And as we strive to the day and we have that vaccine, we are opening up America again. Amazing to think in the last five months alone after losing 22 million jobs, because of the strong foundation that we formed in the first three years, because the incredible support that Congressman Kelly and others provided to families and to businesses. We’ve seen 11 1/2 million Americans go back to work, including 600,000 people right here in Pennsylvania. We’re opening up American again. And Pennsylvania is roaring back.

Mike Pence: (37:23)
But you all deserve to know, Joe Biden’s talked about shutting down the economy right at the time that we’re beginning to get it back on her feet as a country and move forward. You see in the newspapers that these European countries are already starting their lockdowns. So you can bet if Joe Biden made his way to the White House they’ll be a lockdown coming. One of his surrogates on TV yesterday actually said, “Everything’s on the table.” The truth is Joe Biden said on TV a little while back, he said, “I’d shut it down.” With another shutdown, you know your schools are going to all be closed again. Your churches and synagogues and places of worship will all be closed. Your small businesses on Main Street will be shuttered again. Right at the moment that America’s coming back, Joe Biden’s talking about shutting it down. But we’re not going to let it happen. Joe Biden says “We’re in for a long dark winter.” But under President Donald Trump, we’re going to defeat the virus and the best is yet to come. We’re not going to shut it down. We’re going to open up America again and keep opening it up. We’ve gone through a time of testing this last year, but I expect you all are standing out here in the cold, especially these great people back on the bleachers.

Mike Pence: (39:00)
Give them a round of applause, will you? What a great group. We’re out here because you know the stakes have never been higher, right? This is real. I don’t think this is the most important election in our lifetime, I think it’s one of the most important elections in the life of this nation. When you look at their agenda, higher taxes, open borders, socialize medicine, the Green New Deal abortion on demand, defunding the police, it’s clear. Joe Biden is nothing more than a Trojan horse for the radical left. I mean, men and women, I really do believe this. I really do believe the choice in the selection is it’s not going to be so much whether we end up more Republican or more Democrat, more liberal or more conservative, more red or more blue.

Mike Pence: (40:06)
I think the choice in this election is whether America remains America. It’s whether you here in Pennsylvania and people all across this country are going to vote to rededicate our nation to our American heritage of faith and family and patriotism and the freedom that has been defended by generations of heroes. Or whether we’re going to let Joe Biden and the Democratic party surrender that heritage to the radical left, shut down our economy, and topple our freedom and our values under an avalanche of socialism and American decline. So let me just say from my heart, on behalf of all that’s always made this country unique and exceptional and great.

Mike Pence: (41:16)
And for the sake of our freedom for ourselves and our posterity, we have to decide right here and right now that Joe Biden will never be president of the United States. We’re going to reelect President Donald Trump for four more years.

Crowd: (41:38)
Four more years. Four more years.

Mike Pence: (41:50)
Men and women, I’ve served with this president, I’ve been at his side every day for the last four years. And I can tell you firsthand, there’s never been day gone by, I against unrelenting resistance and opposition by the Democrats in Washington and against relentless and unfair attacks by their allies in the national media. There’s never been a day gone by that President trump has gotten up and fought to keep to the promises that he made to the people of Pennsylvania. Now it’s our turn to fight for him. It’s on Pennsylvania. We need you to bring it. I have a couple things I’ve got to ask you to do before I get out of here. I’ve got a plane to catch, I got to get to Michigan.

Mike Pence: (42:46)
First and foremost, if you haven’t already done it, we need you to vote Pennsylvania, vote to reelect President Donald Trump to the White House. And after we get done here, I’m told you can drop off your absentee ballot, right. I guess there’s a drop box or something, or you can take it, and I checked, you can go over and take it to the Erie County Courthouse, 140 West Sixth Street, room 112. And whether it’s today or tomorrow, remember: Friends don’t let friends vote alone. Bring a family member, bring a neighbor, bring a co-worker and vote to reelect President Donald Trump for four more years.

Crowd: (43:37)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Mike Pence: (43:56)
Secondly, after you vote, today or tomorrow with a friend, I want you to reach out and tell somebody what we talked about today. Tell them when they don’t hear on most of their major television networks on a regular basis. Tell them of this president rebuild our military, revive our economy, stood up for all of our God-given liberties for three years. Tell them how he’s lived through one of the most challenging years in the life of our nation. Tell them how great it is to have a president that doesn’t apologize for America anymore, but defends America on the world stage every day. Just go tell them. Tell them about the choice, tell them about the stakes. The president and I were on 60 minutes the other night, about a week ago. Yeah, right.

Mike Pence: (44:50)
But there was one moment, the president gave an answer I’ll never forget. The reporter looked at him and she said, she was thinking of all of you. She said, “How would you describe your supporters?” And without missing a beat, the president responded. She said, “How would you describe your supporters?” And he said, “They are people who love our country.” So go tell your neighbors and friends why you love this president and you love our country and we need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House.

Crowd: (45:36)
Four more years. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Mike Pence: (45:49)
Just tell them if you love our country and everything that’s always made America great, you need four more years.

Mike Pence: (45:59)
It really is great to be with all of you, thank you so much. I got to tell you there’s one more thing I might ask you to do in the next day and a half. Traveling around this country the last four years. I’m more convinced than ever that America is a freedom-loving nation and America is a nation of faith. And the sweetest words we ever hear is we travel across the country or somebody will reach out across the rope line and just say, “I’m praying for you.” And we hear it all the time.

Mike Pence: (46:41)
And the president hears it all the time. And so if you’re inclined to do like the Pences do to maybe bow the head and bend the knee from time to time now would be a good time to do it. Just have faith, have faith in this time and pray for our nation in these divided days, in these challenging days and these days of choosing and testing. And when you pray, pray with confidence, as those ancient words inscribed so long ago that if his people who are called by his name will humble themselves and pray, he’ll do like he’s always done in the long and storied history of this country. He’ll hear from heaven and he’ll heal this land. This one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. So pray for America, pray for all the American people. And I want to thank you so much again for coming out. I leave here more convinced than ever, and just like it happened on election night in 2016, we’re going to have a great victory all across Pennsylvania.

Mike Pence: (48:18)
I was standing next to the president, Karen and I were, Charlotte was here, Pences were here, we were at the campaign headquarters of the president. Melania and the whole family was standing there. We were watching the big TV screens election night. And every time a state came in, he tapped me on the shoulder. Indiana came in first, just so you know. And he’d go, “Hey, boom, Indiana.” And I said, “Yeah, good.” And then he said… And then South Carolina came in, “Hey, South Carolina, good,” one after another. But I’m telling you when the Pennsylvania came in, I thought he was going to knock me down.

Mike Pence: (48:55)
And we need you to do it again. I’m ready. Just get it done. We got one more day for four more years. And I’ll leave here absolutely confident of all of us do all we can, vote, speak out and to pray, then we’re going to, we’re going to reelect Congressman Mike Kelly to a new Republican majority. We’re going to reelect President Donald Trump for four more years. President Trump in the White House and all of are allies at every level across America. And with God’s help, we will make America great again, again. Thank you very much, Pennsylvania. God bless you. God, bless America. Now, let’s go get it done.

