

I’m saying we’re gonna do everything in our power to find those who are still alive and set them free. Everything in our power. I’m not gonna go into the detail of that, but we’re working like hell on it.




Because I think they have to know that the President of the United States of America cares deeply about what’s happening. Deeply. We have to communicate to the world this is critical. This is not even human behavior. It’s pure barbarism. And we’re gonna do everything in our power to get them home if we can find them.





Of course, it is. But it’s hard to make distinctions. Most important thing is ending this brutality and to hold those who committed it accountable.




I don’t think that’s necessary. Israel has one of the finest fighting forces in the country. I guarantee we’re gonna provide them everything they need.





Yes. I had a meeting this morning with the Homeland Security people, with the FBI, for the Situation Room, for the better part of an hour to discuss how we make sure that we prevent a lone wolf and/or any coordinated effort to try to do what was done in synagogues before, do what was done to Jews in the street. And so We’re making a major effort to make sure that doesn’t happen.





Look, there’s a fundamental difference. Israel is going after a group of people who have engaged in barbarism that is as consequential as the Holocaust. So I think Israel has to respond. They have to go after Hamas. Hamas is a bunch of cowards. They’re hiding behind the civilians. They put their headquarters where civilians are and buildings and the like. But to the extent they can separate out and… The Israelis are gonna do everything in their power to avoid the killing of innocent civilians.





Yes, our team is talking to them about that. And whether there could be a safe zone. We’re also talking to Egyptians, whether there is an outlet to get these children and women out of that a that area at this moment. But it’s hard.





Yes.





Yes.





I’m confident that Israel is going to act under the measure, the rules of war. There’s standards that democratic institutions and countries go by. And so I’m confident that there’s gonna be an ability for the innocents in Gaza to be able to have access to medicine and food and water.





I think it’d be a big mistake. Look, what happened in Gaza, in my view, is Hamas and the extreme elements of Hamas don’t represent all the Palestinian people. And I think that… It would be a mistake for Israel to occupy Gaza again. But going in and taking out the extremists, the Hezbollah is up north but Hamas down south, is a necessary requirement.




Yes, I do. But there needs to be a Palestinian authority. There needs to be a path to a Palestinian state.





Not now. Not now, but I think Israel understands that a significant portion of Palestinian people do not share the views of Hamas and Hezbollah.





Don’t. Don’t, don’t, don’t.





That’s right.





I don’t wanna get into classified information, but to be very blunt with you, there is no clear evidence of that at this point.



Correct. Now, Iran constantly supports Hamas and Hezbollah. I don’t mean that. But in terms of did they have foreknowledge; did they help plan the attack? There’s no evidence of that at this point.



Yes. Look, this is not your father’s Republican Party. 30% of it’s made up of these MAGA Republicans who are maybe… Democracy is something they don’t look at the same way you and I look at democracy.



No. We’re the United States of America for God’s sake, the most powerful nation not in the world, in the history of the world. The history of the world. We can take care of both of these and still maintain our overall international defense.




Overwhelmingly, they relate. For example, in Ukraine one of my objectives was to prevent Putin, who has committed war crimes himself from being able to occupy an independent country that borders NATO allies and is on the Russian border. Imagine what happens now if he were able to succeed. Have you ever known a major war in Europe we didn’t get sucked into? We don’t want that to happen. We want to make sure those democracies are sustained. And Ukraine is critical in making sure that happens.



I want my children and grandchildren to fully understand exactly what happened and why you couldn’t deny the carnage going on if you were living in Germany and in Europe.



The Jews have been subject to abuse, prejudice, and attempt to wipe them out for, oh, God, over a thousand years. For me, it’s about decency, respect, honor. It’s just simply wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong. It violates every religious principle I have and every single principle my father taught me.



Yes, because I’m sure… Look, when I ran, I said, “The world’s at an inflection point.” The world’s changing, but we have an opportunity to make it… So imagine if we were able to succeed in getting the Middle East put in place where we have normalization of relations. I think we can do that. Imagine what happens if we, in fact, unite all of Europe and Putin is finally put down where he cannot cause the kind of trouble he’s been causing. We have enormous opportunities, enormous opportunities to make it a better world.



No.


