 And thanks for joining me. I’m here, the FEMA Director is on, FEMA Director Chris Welsh. She’s on. And I’m here with my Senior Advisor and a boy who knows Louisiana, very, very well, man, and New Orleans and . And what I’m going to do is make a brief statement here and then go through and tell you what we’re doing, but then hear from all of you, if that’s okay. I know you’re busy as the devil. I know you’ve got a lot to manage in your states, but the fact is that I want to hear from you. We both want to hear from you. And we know Hurricane Ida had a potential to cause massive, massive damage, and that’s exactly what we saw. We already know there’s been at least one confirmed death and that number is likely to grow.

We’ve got a million people in Louisiana without power and for a time Ida caused the Mississippi River to literally change its direction. And some folks are still dealing with the storm surge and flash flooding. And there are roads that are impassable due to debris and down power lines. And we need people to continue to shelter in place if it’s safe for them to do so. And for those who have lost their homes, states working with the American Red Cross have already opened 50 shelters in the effected areas across the Gulf Coast. We’ve already begun search and rescue efforts and get folks out there who need assistance, and we’re doing the best we can. More than 5,000 members of your National Guard have been activated from Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas to support search and rescue and recovery efforts.

And FEMA has pre-positioned literally millions of meals and liters of water. They are already pre-positioned as well as other resources in the immediate area. And we’ve deployed more than 200 generators we already moved into the region. They’ve been moved in ahead of time and Administrator Criswell and her team at FEMA is working getting more of those into the area. We’re in closer contact with local electric providers to see what they need. They’re all private providers. We don’t control that, but we’re doing all we can to minimize the amount of time it’s going to take to get power back up for everyone in the region. And we’ve been working with the electric sector throughout the night and all day today to assess and understand the full extent of the damage. To accelerate the process, I’ve asked the Federal Aviation Administration to work today with Louisiana and Mississippi electric companies to authorize use of surveillance drones to assess Ida’s damage to energy infrastructure while ensuring those flights do not disrupt aerial search and rescue operations.

And I’ve also asked the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security to immediately make available any satellite imagery that can assist in assessing the damage in your states and cities and parishes. Local utilities are going to soon began restoration work, including prioritizing getting transmission lines into New Orleans and get them back up and running. A lot of them have been taken down. More than 25,000 debris crews and linemen from at least 30 states are rolling in to support you. Some are already pre-positioned and close and hopefully are already underway. But we need to be prepared, and that we’re about as prepared as we could be for the early stage of this. And there’s a lot more to do. We also know a lot of people lost their cell phone service if their particular carrier tower is down or damaged.

So this morning, the Federal Communications Commission has worked with the cellular providers to initiate their cooperative framework agreement. That agreement allows customers on with one provider to go to another provider if that provider is down. So it allows customers to use roaming access carriers to any of the carriers that are up and running. And that means you should be able to get a signal no matter who your carrier was or is. The main thing I want to make clear to all of you is we’re providing any help that you’re going to need. And so, as I said, I’ve got my Senior Adviser Cedric Richmond here with me. You all know him. He’s a New Orleans native. He was a Congressman in Louisiana’s Second District for 10 years. He knows the area, he knows the people who have been affected by Ida, and he knows how to get things done in government.

While FEMA is our lead for on the ground response, if there’s something that needs my attention, Cedric’s your direct line in to the White House throughout this recovery. And I mean that, whatever you need go to Cedric. He’ll get to me. We’ll get you what you need if we can. The people of Louisiana and Mississippi are resilient, but in moments like these, we can certainly see the power of government to respond to the needs of the people if government’s prepared and if they respond. That’s our job if we work together. Folks get knocked down, we’re there to help you get back on your feet. The most important element though is coordinating all the branches of government, state, local, and federal. And that’s what we’re trying to make sure that we try to do even before this hurricane hit.

That’s why we begun working together. We’re going to stand with you and the people of the Gulf as long as it takes for you to recover. And so I’m now going to turn this over to Governor Edwards of Louisiana. Governor, give us your assessment of what you have, what you’re seeing out there. Tell me what you’re hearing and what your team on the ground and anything you need that we haven’t gotten to you.

Yeah.

Thank you. Well, look, we worked real hard with you to get the search and rescue teams in place, but you say they have been able to respond in a timely way.

Well, good. Well look, if there’s anything else you need, you know just call. I mean, you’ve got the team at the table there, a lot of them. And so, just holler. All right. Now, Cedric, who are we going to next.

Oh, you are. I understand, Gov, you’re not on video, but you are on the telephone. So, Gov, fire away.

Good.

Well, thanks an awful lot, Gov. And, again, thanks for your generosity in sending us some of those search and rescue teams to Louisiana. Is Mayor Cantrell? Mayor Cantrell, are you on? I don’t think she was able to get connected.

Oh, okay.

You were hard hit, weren’t you, Madam President, especially down in Grand Isle?

Thank you, Madam President.Good morning. Today I’m pleased to announce that after months of tough and thoughtful negotiations, I think we have an historic, I know we have historic economic framework. It’s a framework that will create millions of jobs, grow the economy, invest in our nation and our people. Turn the climate crisis into an opportunity and put us in a path not only to compete, but to win the economic competition for the 21st century against China and every other major country in the world.

It’s fiscally responsible, it’s fully paid for. 17 Nobel Prize winners and economics have said it will lower the inflationary pressures on the economy. And over the next 10 years, it will not add to the deficit at all. It will actually reduce the deficit, according to the economists. I want to thank my colleagues in the Congress for their leadership. We spent hours, and hours, and hours over months and months working on this.

No one got everything they wanted, including me. But that’s what compromise is. That’s consensus. And that’s what I ran on. I’ve long said compromise and consensus are the only way to get big things done in a democracy. Important things done for the country. I know it’s hard. I know how deeply people feel about the things that they fight for. But this framework includes historic investments in our nation and in our people. Any single element of this framework would fundamentally be viewed as a fundamental change in America. Taken together, they’re truly consequential. I’ll have more to say after I return from the critical meetings in Europe this week, but for now let me lay out a few points.

First we face, and I apologize for saying this again, we face an inflection point as a nation. For most of the 20th century we led the world by a significant margin because we invested in our people. Not only in our roads, and in our highways, and in our bridges, but in our people. In our families. We didn’t just build an interstate highway system, we built a highway to the sky.

We invested to win the Space Race, and we won. We were also among the first to provide access to free education for all Americans, beginning back in the late 18 hundreds. That decision alone to invest in our children and their families was a major part of why we were able to lead the world for much of the 20th century.

But somewhere along the way we stopped investing in ourselves, investing in people. America is still the largest economy in the world. We still own the most productive workers and the most innovative minds in the world. But we risk losing our edge as a nation. Our infrastructure used to be rated the best in the world. Today, according to the World Economic Forum, we ranked 13th in the world. We used to lead the world in educational achievement. Now the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks America 35th out of the 37 major countries when it comes to investing in early childhood education and care. And we know how where children start impacts significantly in how they’ll finish.

We can’t be competitive in the 21st century global economy if we continue this slide. That’s what I’ve said all along. We need to build America from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down with the trickle-down economics that’s always failed us. I can’t think of a single time when the middle class has done well that the wealthy haven’t done very well. I can think of many times, including now, when the wealthy, the super wealthy do very well, and the middle class don’t do well.

That’s why I proposed the investments congress is now considering in two critical pieces of legislation. Positions I ran on as president, positions I announced when I laid out in a joint session of Congress what my economic agenda was. These are not about left versus right, or moderate versus progressive, or anything else that pits Americans against one another. This is about competitiveness versus complacency. Competitiveness versus complacency. It’s about expanding opportunity, not opportunity denied. It’s about leading the world or letting the world pass us by.

Today, with my democratic colleagues, we have a framework for my Build Back Better Initiative. And here’s how it will fundamentally change the lives of millions of people for the better. Millions of you are in the so-called Sandwich Generation, who feel financially squeezed by raising a child and caring for an aging parent. About 820,000 seniors in America, and people with disabilities, have applied for Medicaid, and they’re on a waiting list right now to get home care. They need some help. They don’t have be kicked out of their homes, but they need a little help getting around. Having their meals made occasionally for them. They don’t want to put them in nursing homes. Not because of the cost, but because it’s a matter of dignity. They want to stay in their homes. But it’s hard. You’re just looking for an answer so your parents can keep living independently with dignity.

For millions of families in America this, this issue, is the most important issue they’re facing. It’s personal. So here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to expand services for seniors so families can get help from well-trained, well-paid professionals to help them take care of their parents at home. To cook meals for them, to get their groceries for them, to help them get around, to help them live in their own home with the dignity they deserve to be afforded.

Quite frankly, what we found is that this is more popular, or as popular as anything else we’re proposing. Because the American people understand the need. It’s a matter of dignity and pride for our parents.

30 years ago, we ranked number seven among the advanced economies in the world as a share of women working. Know where we are today? We rank 23rd. 23rd. Seven to 23. Once again our competitors are investing and we’re standing still. Today there are nearly two million women in America not working today simply because they can’t afford childcare. Typical family spends about $11,000 a year on childcare, some states it’s $14,500 a year per-child.

We’re going to make sure nearly all families earning less than $300,000 a year will pay no more than 7% of their income for childcare. And for a family making a hundred thousand dollars a year, that will save them more than $5,000 in childcare. This is a fundamental game-changer for families and for our economy. As more parents, especially women, can get back to work and work in the workforce.

I’m looking at a lot of significant press people in front of me. A lot of them are working, working mothers. They know what it costs. I remember when I got to the Senate, I lost my wife and daughter in an accident. My two boys. I started commuting 250 miles a day because I had my mom and my dad and my brother and my sister to help me take care of my kids because I couldn’t afford childcare. And I was getting a serious salary, $42,000 a year.

We’ve also extended the historic middle class tax cut. That’s what I call it, middle class tax cut for parents. That is the expanded child tax credit we passed through the American Rescue Plan. What that means is, for folks at home, they’re getting $300 a month for every child under the age of six, $250 for every child under the age of 18. We’re extending that for another year.

The money is already a life-changer for so many working families. This will help cut child poverty in half this year, according to experts. But that’s not all it does, it changes the whole dynamic for working parents. In the past if you paid taxes and had a good income you could deduct, under the tax code, $2,000 per-child from the taxes you owed. But how many families do you know are cashier or waiters, healthcare workers, who never out the benefit of the full tax credit because they didn’t have that much to deduct? And it wasn’t refundable.

So it either came off your tax bill or you didn’t get full credit. Why should, if somebody making $500,000 a year, or 150,000 or $200,000 a year, get to write it off their taxes? And the people who need the help even more, they don’t have that much tax to pay. They don’t get the benefit, and they have the same cost of raising their children. 80% of those left out were working parents who just didn’t make enough money.

That’s why in the American Rescue Plan we didn’t just expand the amount of the middle class tax cut, we also made it refundable. This framework will make it permanently refundable, making sure the families who need it get a full credit for it, in addition to those who are already getting full credit. They’re going to make sure that every three and four-year-old child in America go to high-quality preschool. That’s part of the legislation I just brought up to the Congress.

Studies show that when we put three and four-year-olds in school, school, not daycare, school, we increase by up to 47% the chance that that child, no matter what their background, we’ll be able to earn a college degree. As my wife, Jill, who is in the back here always says, any country that out-educates us is going to out-compete us. We can finally take us from 12 years to 14 years of universal education in America.

We also make investments in higher education, by increasing Pell Grants to help students from lower-income families attend community college and four-year schools. And we invest in historically black universities, colleges, universities, HBCUs, minority-serving institutions and tribal colleges, to make sure every young student has a shot at a good-paying job in the future. This framework extends tax credits to lower premiums for folks who are in the Affordable Care Act for another three years. For 4 million folks in the 12 states that haven’t expanded Medicaid, all the rest have, this framework will enable you to get affordable coverage. And Medicare will now cover the cost of hearing aids and hearing checkups.

This framework also makes the most significant investment to deal with the climate crisis ever, ever happened. Beyond any other advanced nation in the world, over a billion metric tons of emission reductions, at least 10 times bigger on climate than any bill that has ever passed before, and enough to position us for a 50 to 52% emission reductions by the year 2030.

And we’ll do it in ways that grow the domestic industries, create good-paying union jobs, address long-standing environmental injustices as well. Tax credit to help people do things like weatherize their homes so they lose less energy. Install solar panels and develop clean energy products, and help businesses produce more clean energy. And when paired with the bipartisan infrastructure bill, we will truly transform this nation.

Historic investments in passenger rail. I know everybody says, oh, Biden’s a rail guy. That’s true. But passenger rail and freight rail and public transit, it’s going to take hundreds of thousands of vehicles off the road, saving millions of barrels of oil. Everybody knows, all the studies show, if you can get from point A to point B on electric rail, you won’t drive your car. You’ll take the rail service.

We also learned that in most major cities in America, minority populations, the jobs they used to have in town, they’re now out of town. Roughly 60% of the folks, they don’t have vehicles. So they need to have a means to get out of town to their jobs, to be on time. This will do that, like it did for Detroit.

95% of the 840,000 school buses in America run on diesel. Every day more than 25 million children and thousands of bus drivers breathe polluted air on the way to and from school from the diesel exhaust. We’re going to replace thousands of these with electric school buses that have big batteries underneath, and that are good for the climate. I went down to one of the manufacturing facilities, saw them, got in one, drive them. They do not expend any, they do not expend any pollution into the air.

We’ll build out the first ever national network of 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations all across the country. So when you buy an electric vehicle, and you get credit for buying it, you buy electric vehicle, you go all the way across America on a single tank of gas, figuratively speaking. It’s not gas, you plug it in. 500,000 of them, these stations along the way.

We’re going to get off the sidelines on manufacturing solar panels and wind farms and electric vehicles, with targeted manufacturing credits. You manufacture, you get a credit for doing it. These will help grow the supply chains in communities too often left behind.

And we’re going to reward countries for paying good wages, for companies I should say, for good wages and for sourcing their materials from here in the United States. That means tens of millions of panels and turbines, doubling the number of electric vehicles we have on the road within just three years. We’ll be able to sell and export these products and technologies to the rest of the world, and creating thousands more jobs because we are, once again, going to be the innovators.

We’ll also make historic investments in environmental cleanup and remediation. That means putting people to work in good-paying jobs at prevailing wage. Capping hundreds of thousands, hundreds of thousands of abandoned wells and gas wells, oil and gas wells, that need to be capped because they are leaking things that hurt the air. Putting a stop to the methane leaks and in the pipelines, protecting the health of our communities, it’s a big deal. And we’ll build up our resilience for the next super storm, drought, wildfires, and hurricanes that represent a blinking code red for America and the world.

Last year alone, these types of extreme weather events you’ve all been covering, and you’ve all witnessed, and some of you have been caught in the middle of, have caused $99 billion in damage to the United States within the last year. $99 billion.

And we’re not spending any money to deal with this? This is costing us significantly. I met in Pittsburgh, I met an IBW electrical worker who climbs up in those power lines in the middle of the storm to try to put transformers in to keep the lights on when storms hit. He calls himself a hundred percent union guy. His job’s dangerous. As he said, I quote, “I don’t want my kids growing up in a world where the threat of climate change hangs over their heads.” End of quote.

Folks, we all have that obligation. That obligation to our children and to our grandchildren. The bipartisan infrastructure bill was also the most significant investment since we built the interstate highway system and won the space race decades ago. This is about rebuilding the arteries of our economy. Across the country now there are 45,000 bridges, and 173 thousand miles of roads, that are in poor condition. Some of the bridges you don’t even take a chance of going across, they’ve shut down. They can’t be built back to the same standard because the weather’s not going to get a lot better. We just got to keep it from getting a heck of a lot worse.

We have to build back better and stronger. No one should have to hold their breath as they cross a rundown bridge or a dangerous intersection in their hometown. We’re going to put hard-working Americans on the job to bring our infrastructure up to speed. Good union jobs at prevailing wages. Jobs you can raise the family on. And my dad would say, you could have a little breathing room.

Jobs that can’t be outsourced. Jobs replacing lead water pipes so families can drink clean water, improving the health of our children and putting plumbers and pipe-fitters to work. Jobs laying thousands of miles of transmission lines to build a modern energy grid. Jobs making a high-speed internet affordable and available everywhere, in rural and urban America. Particularly including the 35% of rural America that goes without it right now.

This pandemic has made clear the need for affordable and available high-speed internet. The idea of a parent having to put their kids in the car for virtual learning, drive and sit in the McDonald’s parking lot so the child can access the internet when school is taught virtually, is not only unnecessary, it’s just wrong. It’s wrong.

As I said before, these plans are fiscally responsible. They are fully paid for. They don’t add a single penny to the deficit. They don’t raise taxes on anyone making less than $400,000 a year. In fact, they reduced the deficit, here’s how; I don’t want to punish anyone’s success, I’m a capitalist. I want everyone to be able to, if they want to be a millionaire or billionaire, to be able to seek their goal. But all I’m asking is, pay your fair share. Pay your fair share. Pay your fair share. And right now, many are paying virtually nothing.

Last year the 55 most profitable corporations in America, 55 of them, paid zero, zero, in federal income tax on about $40 billion in profit. If they report big profits to their shareholders, they should be paying taxes. It’s that simple. That’s why the Build Back Better framework will have a 15% minimum on the largest corporations, a minimum tax of 15%. The top 1% of the wealthiest Americans evade, it’s estimated by the experts, $160 billion a year in federal taxes. That’s wrong. We’re going to change that.

I want to emphasize what I said from the beginning. Under my plans, if you earn less than $400,000, you won’t pay a single penny more in federal taxes. Period. In fact, these bills continue cutting taxes for middle class. For childcare, for healthcare, so much more.

Let me close with this. For much too long, working people of this nation in the middle class of this country have been dealt out of the American deal. It’s time to deal them back in. I ran for president saying it was time to reduce the burden on the middle class. To rebuild the backbone of this nation, working people and the middle class. I couldn’t have been any clearer from the very moment I announced my candidacy. That’s why I wrote these bills in the first place, and took them to the people. I campaigned on them, and the American people spoke.

This agenda, the agenda that’s in these bills, is what 81 million Americans voted for. More people voted than any time in American history. That’s what they voted for. Their voices deserve to be heard, not denied, or worse ignored. Because here’s what I know; we make these investments, there will be no stopping the American people or America. We will own the future.

I’ve long said it’s never been a good bet to bet against the American people. I’ve said that to foreign leaders, as well as everyone here in this country. Which means it’s always a good bet to bet on the American people, just give them half a chance. And that’s what we’re doing. That’s what these plans do. They’re about betting on America, about believing in America, about believing in the capacity of the American people.

If you look at the history of the journey of this nation, what becomes crystal clear is this, I’ll say it again: given half a chance, the American people have never, ever, ever, ever let the country down. So let’s get this done. God bless you all, and may God protect your troops, and I’ll see you in Italy and in Scotland. Thank you.Good afternoon. After a series of meetings throughout the weekend with my national security team, I want to update the American people on our ongoing evacuation operation in Afghanistan. But first I just was briefed by the FEMA administrator who’s here with me today, is Chris wall about flash flooding in Waverly, Tennessee, and surrounding areas in Tennessee. I want to begin by expressing my deepest condolences for the sudden and tragic loss of life due to this flash flood. I know we’ve reached out to the community and we stand ready to offer them support. I’ve asked the administrator to speak to Governor Lee of Tennessee right away and we’ll offer any assistance they need for this terrible moment.

Let me also say a few words, what is now tropical storm, not hurricane Henri, which made landfall at approximately 12:15 this afternoon in Rhode Island. Henri is impacting much of the Northeast right now. And I want to talk about our efforts to prepare and respond to this storm. We have been closely monitoring Henri’s progress and making the necessary preparations. Fortunately, it’s no longer a hurricane. It’s been downgraded to a tropical storm and we are taking it seriously though, because the size and the storm surge and the rainfall it’s producing. It’s also impacted an area of the country that has already experienced heavy rainfall over the past several days. And while New Englanders are used to dealing with some tough weather, this storm has the potential for widespread consequences across the region with significant flooding and power outages that could affect hundreds of thousands of people. And so we’re doing everything we can now to help those states prepare, respond and recover.

I can’t think of anyone better to lead this operation than Chris Well of FEMA. Before she headed up FEMA, she led the emergency response in New York City and she was one of the key federal officials leading the response to Superstorm Sandy. She knows this area very, very well and knows what’s needed better than anyone. Yesterday, I talked with the administrator and each of the governors in the key states, most likely to be affected. I urged them to take advantage of the assistance FEMA can offer in advance and committed to do everything we can to support their communities through the storm and afterwards. FEMA has already pre-positioned resources in the region to speed our ability to respond including food, water, life-saving communications equipment, as well as generators. In close cooperation with the electrical sector, preparations are in place to address significant power outages and resources and supports is staged at the edge of this storm to be able to move quickly in to help.

Thousands of additional line crews and vegetation clearing crews from other states and from Canada are already heading toward the impacted states in New England, ready to serve, move in as soon as feasible. They’ll clean up fallen trees, help local utilities repair damaged lines, and restore electrical service as fast as possible. I want to thank these crews for the commitment to helping their fellow citizens in time of need. I’ve already approved emergency declarations for Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York, which activates funds and means we can get in there and help as soon as this extreme weather has moved through. We don’t know the full extent of the storm’s impact today, but we’re to prepare for and prevent damage as much as possible and to speed help to affected communities so they can recover as quickly as possible.

I also want to encourage everyone to do their part, to prepare. Follow the guidance from their local authorities. Some places have already had heavy rains and winds and dangerous storm surges. Henri is going to continue to move across much of the Northeast so it’s important to monitor it closely and be prepared in your home and your community. Make sure you have the supplies for your entire household, including necessary medications, and food, water, battery powered radios, in case of extended power outages. And don’t forget, you may need to seek shelter while you’re battling the Delta variant and COVID-19, so wear a mask and try to observe social distancing. And everyone across the country, don’t get caught by the next storm. Get vaccinated. Get vaccinated now. Protect yourself and your family against COVID-19. It’s going to be a vital part of emergency preparedness this year, for the remainder this year.

Now let me turn to Afghanistan. I’ve continued to make progress. Since I’ve spoke to you on Friday. We have move thousands of people each day by US military aircraft and civilian charter flights. In a little over 30 hours this weekend, we’ve evacuated an extraordinary number of people as I will detail in a minute, about 11,000 individuals. That number will change day to day as the air and ground operations in Kabul vary. Our first priority in Kabul is getting American citizens out of the country as quickly and as safely as possible. At my direction, the state department continues to reach out to the remaining Americans we have identified by phone, email, and other means to ascertain their whereabouts and their plans. We’re executing a plan to move groups of these Americans to safety and to safely and effectively move them to the airport compound. For security reasons, I’m not going to go into the detail of what these plans entail, but I will say again today that I have said before, any American who wants to get home, will get home.

We’ve also been evacuating the citizens of our NATO allies and our partners, including their diplomats, their embassy staff who remained in Afghanistan and to get them back to their homes as well. And as we do this, we’re also working to move our Afghan allies who stood with us side-by-side and other vulnerable Afghans, such as women leaders and journalists, out of the country. As of this morning, we have evacuated nearly 28,000 people since August the 14th on both US and coalition aircraft, including civilian charters, bringing the total number of people we’ve evacuated since July to approximately 33,000 persons. In one 24 hour period, this weekend, 23 US military flights, including 14 C-17s, nine C-130 flights, left Kabul carried 3,900 passengers. We see no reason why this tempo will not be kept up. During the same period, our military facilitated another 35 charter flights carrying an additional 4,000 evacuees to other countries that are taking them out. Altogether, we lifted approximately 11,000 people out of Kabul in less than 36 hours. It’s an incredible operation.

Let me be clear. The evacuation of thousands of people from Kabul is going to be hard and painful no matter when it started, when we began. It would have been true if we had started a month or a month from now. There is no way to evacuate this many people without pain and loss of heartbreaking images you see on television. It’s just a fact. My heart aches for those people you see. We are proving that we can move though, thousands of people a day out of Kabul. We’re bringing our citizens, NATO allies, Afghanis who in fact has helped us in the war effort, but we have a long way to go and a lot could still go wrong. But to move out 30,000 people in just over a week, that’s a great testament to the men and women on the ground in Kabul and to our armed services.

It also reflects a tireless diplomatic effort. In order to keep a steady flow of planes taking off from Kabul and maximize our evacuation capacity, we have quickly stood up an unprecedented global effort and established a series of processing stations in third countries. In short, we’re not flying them directly to their country. We’re flying to these processing stations. We’re working with more than two dozen countries across four continents. We’ve secured agreements across the Gulf, in central Asia, and in Europe, including processing centers in , Germany, Kuwait, Spain, and elsewhere. It allows us to sort and process these evacuees. These transit centers provide a safe place for the SIV applicants and other vulnerable Afghanis and their families to complete their paperwork while we conduct security screenings and background checks, before they continue on to their final destination in the United States or in another country, one of our NATO allies as well.

And so from Asia to Africa, from Europe to the Western hemisphere, nations are making generous offers to support resettlement efforts. And I’ve been in personal contact with the leaders of many countries, including Qatar, Germany, Spain, Italy, the UAE, and others. They’re making vital contributions. To thank them for their support and to discuss how we can continue to coordinate our efforts in Afghanistan moving forward is the reason why I continue in contact with them. And I want to again, thank all of our partners for their continuing to stand together.

We’ve also activated the first stage of what’s referred to as the civil reserve air fleet to help with onward movement of evacuations from these transit centers. Our military aircraft and others will get them to these centers, but then we’re going to get the civil reserve fleet. It’s a program that was designed in the wake of the Berlin airlift after World War II, to use commercial aircraft to augment our air lift capacity.

This is a voluntary program for our commercial airlines, and we’re grateful for those airlines and the US carriers who are supporting us. This effort will only use three or four planes from each of the major carriers’ vast fleets of aircraft, so there should be no effect or a minimal effect on commercial air travel. And we’ll stay in close coordination with our partners to mitigate any impact. These civil reserved flights will be helping facilitate the safe movement of people from staging locations and transit centers like Qatar or Germany to the United States or to a third country. None of them will be landing in Kabul. Now the American aircraft part of this will not be going to any country, but the United States.

As this effort unfolds, I want to be clear about three things. One, planes taking off from Kabul are not flying directly to the United States. They’re landing at US military bases and transit centers around the world. Number two, at these sites where they’re landing, we are conducting thorough scrutiny, security screening for everyone who is not a US citizen or are lawful permanent residents. Anyone arriving in the United States will have undergone a background check. Number three, once screened and cleared, we will welcome these Afghans who helped us in the war effort over the last 20 years to their new home in the United States of America, because that’s who we are. That’s what America is.

I’ve been touched by the outpouring of support that we’ve seen from communities, organizations across America, mobilizing to support these efforts. So many of these Afghans stood bravely by US troops in Afghanistan and now the United States, including veterans groups, refugee settlement agencies, religious organizations, and so many others are standing with our Afghan allies. It exemplifies the best of America.

And I want to say again, just how difficult this mission is and the dangers it poses to our troops on the ground. The security environment is changing rapidly. There are civilians crowded at the airport, although we’ve cleared thousands of them. We know that terrorists may seek to exploit the situation and target innocent Afghans or American troops. We’re maintaining the constant vigilance to monitor and disrupt threats from any source, including the likely source being ISIS, ISIS-K, the Afghan affiliate referred to as ISIS-K, but we’re under no illusions about the threat. I said on Friday, ISIS-K is a sworn enemy of the Taliban and they have a history of fighting one another. But every day we have troops on the ground, these troops and innocent civilians at the airport face the risk of attack from ISIS-K from a distance, even though we’re moving back the perimeter significantly. We’re working hard and as fast as we can to get people out. That’s our mission. That’s our goal. And our determination to get every American citizen home and to evacuate our Afghan allies is unwavering.

We continue to see not only the enormous scope and scale of the effort, we will see the individual lives that are affected, the families that are desperate to get home to their loved ones in America, the communities of veterans who have mobilized to try to help their former interpreters get to safety, the frightened Afghans who aren’t sure what to do. To state the obvious, it’s heartbreaking. We’re all seeing it. We see it. We feel it. You can’t look at it and not feel it. Nothing about this effort is easy, but the women and men of the United States armed forces are acting bravely and with professionalism and with a basic human compassion. I want to offer my profound thanks to our service members on the ground in Kabul, and to all those at US bases around the world who are welcoming and caring for these evacuees. And to all the diplomats and civil servants who are working around the clock to rescue American citizens, the citizens of our allies, our Afghan partners, vulnerable Afghans, such as women leaders and journalists.

What we’re doing is extraordinary. And you have to think of all they’re doing thanks to the people who from all over the world who are helping this effort. So I want to thank you and I’ll keep you informed every day as we move forward. May God protect our troops and our diplomats who are serving in harm’s way. And I’ll take a few questions. Darlene, from the associated press.

There’s discussions going on among us and the military about extending. Our hope is we will not have to extend, but there are going to be discussions I suspect on how far along we are in the process.

Mario Parker, Bloomberg.

I will tell them that we’ll see what we can do. Look, we are working closely with the G-7. I’ve spoken with most of the leaders at G-7. I’ll be doing a conference with them, I think Tuesday. I’m not certain. And we’ll have that discussion, but we already have helped get out diplomats from other countries. We’ve already helped get out citizens from other countries and we’ll continue to do that.

What I’m not going to do is talk about the tactical changes we’re making to make sure we maintain as much security as we can. We have constantly, how can I say it, increased rational access to the airport where more folks can get there more safely. It’s still a dangerous operation, but I don’t want to go into the detailed power.

Andrew from the Wall Street Journal.

Number one, I think you’re going to see they’re going to get out. Number two, we have made a number of changes, including extending access around the airport and the safe zone. And we’ve done a number of things again, I don’t want to get into detail about, but the fact is that more and more of the groups we urgently want to get out of Afghanistan started with American citizens and the folks who worked in the embassies and personnel with our allies, as well as the Afghans who helped them and worked in those embassies as well as those who helped them on the battlefield as well. We are working diligently to make sure we’ve increased the ability to get them out. We’ve changed the gate operations and a whole range of things, and that’s why we’ve been able to significantly increase the number of people who are getting out.

We’ve discussed a lot with the Taliban. They’ve been cooperative in extending some of the perimeter. That remains to be seen whether we asked that question. Ed, fire away.

I don’t want you jumping over that…

I haven’t seen that poll.

I had a basic decision to make. I either withdraw America from a 20 year war that depending whose analysis you accept, cost us $150 million a day for 20 years or $300 million a day for 20 years, who and you know I carry this car to be every day, in fact, where we lost 2,448 Americans dead and 20,722 wounded. I either increased the number of forces we there and keep that going. Or I end the war. And I decided to end the war. As I said the other day, the only reason we’re in Afghanistan is this is the place from which Bin Ladin attacked the United States of America. Had this been in another middle Eastern country where he could have easily have moved from, we would have never gone to Afghanistan.

So the question is, when is the right time to leave? What are our national interests? Where do they lie? And the idea that we are in a situation where we can not recognize that terrorism has metastasized around the world and the need for us to focus on other parts of the world which has created an even greater danger of an Al Qaeda like operation beginning, can’t be ignored. And we are, as you well know because you follow this, we are a number of places where we’re doing that without permanent basing American forces there. So I think when this is over, the American people will have a clear understanding of what I did, why we did it. And, but look, that’s the job. My job is to make judgements. My job is to make judgements no one else can or will make. I made them. I’m convinced I’m absolutely correct in not deciding to send more young women and men to war for a war that in fact is no longer warranted.

I don’t trust anybody including you. I love you, but there’s not a lot of people I trust. Look, the Taliban has to make a fundamental decision. Is the Taliban going to attempt to be able to unite and provide for the wellbeing of the people of Afghanistan, which no one group has ever done since before, for hundreds of years? And if it does, it’s going to need everything from additional help in terms of economic assistance, trades, and a whole range of things. The Taliban has said, we’ll see whether they mean it or not. They’re seeking legitimacy. They’re seeking legitimacy to determine whether or not they will be recognized by other countries. They have told other countries as well as us, they don’t want us to move our diplomatic presence completely, so all this is all just talk now. All just talk now.

And so, so far the Taliban has not taken action against US forces. So far, they have by and large follow through on what they said in terms of allowing Americans to pass through and the like. And I’m sure they don’t control all of the forces. It’s a rag tag force. And so we’ll see. We’ll see whether or not what they say turns out to be true. But the bottom line is this folks, look, at the end of the day, if we didn’t leave Afghanistan now, when do we leave? Another 10 years? Another five years? Another year?

I’m not about to send your son or your daughter to fight in Afghanistan. I don’t see where that is in our overwhelming interest. And the talk about how our interests are going to be impacted, let me tell you, you’re sitting in Beijing or you’re sitting in the Moscow. Are you happy we left? They’d love nothing better for us to continue to be bogged down there, totally occupied with what’s going on. So the idea, this is, I think that history is going to record, this was the logical, rational, and right decision to make. So thank you all so very much.

The answer is yes. It depends on the conduct. Thank you.Thank you Senator. My name is Joe Biden. I am Jill Biden’s husband. I’m delighted to be here. Thank you. Thank you.

It is truly, it’s not hyperbole suggests, it’s a great honor to be here, a genuine honor. And at this great public university, celebrating the life and legacy of not one, but two proud sons of Connecticut, Senator Thomas Dodd and my good friend, and we truly are really good, close friends, Senator Chris Dodd. Chris and I have known each other for a long time, but if you’ll excuse the point of personal privileges, we used to say in the Senate, I saw up close how he fought for human rights and human dignity in the Senate. Do you know my measure Madame Ambassador, Ambassador Kenned, you know what my measure is? People who tell me they care about people and then disrespect a waitress or a waiter. People who tell me they care about how in fact people are entitled to be treated with dignity and walk by someone at a shoe-side stand and doesn’t say hello. People who do not do the just simply, decent things for ordinary people. That’s the real measure.

I’ve never seen Chris figuratively or speaking walk by anybody. I’ve never seen him nor his wife nor his two brilliant, beautiful daughters. I remember the passion and eloquence that you brought to the floor, Chris, whether you were fighting for American families or serving as the Senate leader, leading voice on engagement with Latin America and the Caribbean, and your brother, the ambassador did a pretty good job as well. I think that the work this Senator’s doing to be bring human rights to the forefront and public understanding is making a real and immediate impact for all young people today. I think it’s going to rate high among your family’s many great and lasting contributions to the country, Chris. And I know this is truly a family commitment for the Dodds. So, thank you for inviting me to be part of this. I think it’s a… I really mean it, it’s an honor to be able to be here.

Of course, I owe Chris. I remember, whereas he pointed out when we were both running for president back in 2007, with almost no cash in either of our campaigns. You let me hop a ride with you in a twin-engine, prop plane, true story, from our Senate vote in DC to a democratic debate in New Hampshire. We were on our way to the debate one other time, but the whole way up, we just laughed and told stories before we were debating one another.

And then, the next day to get back to the Senate to vote, we had to flag down a young… You remember this? We had to flag down a young Senator named Barack Obama to get to  an open airport. God’s truth. Remember that, Chris? Here, he’d just been there two years. He was on my foreign relations committee. I was chairman. I said, “Can you get the airport open for us?” I used to, I kid Barack. I couldn’t understand why he’s so soundly defeated me in that primary. And then I realized when he’d be introduced, he’d be introduced by the voice of God. I get introduced by Johnny Scanafrani, so it took a while for me to figure all this out. Luckily, Chris, I got to travel on a much I for playing these days. And it’s yours to travel in any time you would like.

And I want to thank a few more proud Connecticut leaders, who’ve been spending time with me today, Governor Lamont. You’ve been, you’re one of the finest governors in the country. I’m not being solicitous. Exceeded only by your wife. The Senator Blumenthal, who I mentioned earlier today. I apologize for repeating this, but my son, Beau Biden, who’s the one that should be standing here talking to you. My son, Beau Biden, was the attorney general of the state of Delaware. One of the people he went to and sought advice from, for real, was that attorney general, Blumenthal. They became friends and my son was a great admirer. And I think the Senator knows that.

And Senator Murphy, if I have to someone in the foxhole with me, I want Murph with me, man. No, I’m serious. This guy knows as much about foreign policy as anybody does and his failure to remain silent has meant a great deal to me because he’s spoken up on so much. And Representative Courtney, I thank you, thank for your help and your support. And Rosa DeLauro, Rosa, I don’t owe as much as Chris does to Rosa, but I owe a hell of lot to her.

My son, he was married and it was his second year of law school and he transferred to Yale Law School. And Rosa heard that I was coming up with him, and the apartment he rented was less than ideal. And the whole thing had to be painted. My brother, Jimmy fixes everything. My brother Jimmy’s with us and we went down and bought about 28 gallons of paint. I don’t know. But for real, it was hot as hell, as well. And I’m up on a eight-foot ladder painting the crown molding and sweating like a the proverbial you know what.

And I here, the door. I said, “Come in.” And the then Alderman, is it Alderman or Councilman at the time? Alderman, Alderman DeLauro walked in and her mom and she said, “Where’s Biden? I said, “I’m here.” She, “No, stop fooling with me, son, where’s Biden?” I said, “No, no, I’m Biden, I’m Biden.” And she came, she said, “I just want to come over and introduce myself and tell you your son’ll be taken care of.” And in walks the chief of police, I thought holy God, what did I do? She said, “You have nothing to worry about. You have nothing to worry about.” Talk about constituent service, Rosie, you come by it, honestly.

And Rosa, we’ve all, I’m not being solicitous again, using that word twice now. We’ve all learned a great deal from you I want to thank you for your long-standing dedication relating to the well-being of children and families and for championing and expanding the child tax credit, which is a gigantic middle class tax credit for working families. That we finally got passed in the American Rescue Plan, which we were able to get done immediately upon being elected. And Rosa will not tell you, but she’s the first person I called to ask for her help as to how I should do this. And that put money in the pockets of families all across this country, even as we speak. It’s how we’re going to cut child poverty in this country. And we’ve already cut it in nearly in half. And none of us should lose sight of what it meant to American families when we think about our mission to defend human rights and dignity at home and around the world.

26 years ago today, another United States Senator, a United States President, who I just spoke to Chris, literally, an hour and a half ago, Bill Clinton, he sends his best by the way, visited this University to dedicate the Thomas J Dodd Research Center, a library and archives of papers, that amount to incredible first person, first draft of history. And let me say, they’re all thinking about President Clinton today as his sending him his good wishes of speed of recovery. He’s always been a comeback kid. He’s getting out of the hospital…

He’s always been a comeback kid. He’s getting out of the hospital. I mean, he’s been going well, but he wanted to send his best. As a young lawyer, Tom Dodd had already built a record of fighting hatred by prosecuting the KKK in the south, but when in 1945 he left behind his beloved Grace and this five young children, a young Christopher just 14 months old at the time, to travel to the bombed out cities of Europe to document the shocking atrocities still fresh in their horror to question and cross examine some of history’s most notorious villains, that’s not hyperbole, some of history’s most notorious villains, and to expose beyond question the depravity and the crimes against humanity that the Nazi regime committed.

Tom Dodd dedicated his intellect and his moral passion and his resolute sense of right and wrong to making the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial a testament to justice, and that’s what it was, a testament to justice. Nothing like it ever happened before, and all a while he was writing letters to his Grace lamenting their separation, but recognizing the momentous weight of history that rested on his shoulders. And Chris, I came up the same sentence from your book. “Someday,” he wrote, “it will be recognized as a great landmark in the struggle of mankind for peace. Never before has such a record been written and men will read it for 1,000 years in amazement and wonder how it ever happened.”

When President Clinton spoke at this first dedication, he ended on a pointed reminder. He said and I quote “The road to tyranny we must never forget begins with the destruction of truth. The rise to tyranny begins with the destruction of truth.” In my view, that was the lesson at the heart of the Nuremberg trials, finding truth, documenting it so it could never be denied. In court, Tom Dodd build a case fact by fact using the Nazis own meticulous records of crimes and shocking human evidence to pin down Nazi leaders who tried to deny their complicity and feign ignorance. And even more important, it denied the entire German policy the ability to feign ignorance. To deal with the past, you must face the truth. Whether it’s Dachau, , Auschwitz or other camps, millions of Jews rounded up along with members of other minority, groups thrown into camps, abused, used as forced labor, medical experimentation.

Six million Jews murdered including so many who met their ultimate faith in the gas chamber. He made sure no one could deny their own eyes and what they saw. He preserved the truth ugly and as traumatic as it was for all of history so that the horrors of the Holocaust could never be diminished or denied and evil that we still have to guard against to this day has to be watched. Chris, as you heard me say many times before because you got to meet my dad, my dad was a well read high school educated fellow who’s greatest regret was he never went to college. But he cared deeply about human dignity. At our dinner table, our dad was what many would call a righteous Christian. He happened to be a Catholic, but he was a righteous Christian. And growing up, my dad would come home for dinner before he went back to close the business he managed, and the dinner table was a place where we sat down to have conversation and incidentally eat.

I’m serious. My dad used to talk about as a student of the Holocaust what a tragedy it was that we didn’t bomb the railroad tracks toward the end of the war, how wrong it was that we turned away the St. Louis, a ship full of Jewish refugees from Europe. He believed passionately the only way we could make real the promise of never again was to keep reminding ourselves of what had happened and how so many people otherwise thought themselves decent people rationalized that it really wasn’t happening. ” We didn’t know what was going on.” Because they weren’t turning on the gas valve they had no responsibility. That’s why, if you’ll again excuse the point of personal privilege, when each of my children and now my grandchildren turn the age of 15, the first thing I’ve done, my word as a Biden, is put them on an aircraft and fly to Dachau one at a time at age 15.

Work sets you free as you go through the entrance, but that’s not what I wanted them to see. I wanted them to see the lovely homes that were right up against the fence line with their beautiful roofs, people living in there rationalized that, “It’s not me. I’m not doing this. And I don’t know really what’s going on in there.” I wanted them to see the ability of a human mind to rationalize cannot be underestimated. I would say parenthetically the reason why Germany has been able to turn it around unlike other countries is because they faced it head on, acknowledged. So let me say it again, Nuremberg was unlike anything that ever came before. It was not about vengeance. It was about accountability. Only by acknowledging the truth can we prevent the repetition of atrocities, which are happening now in other parts of the world.

It elevated our conception, as Chris said, of the rule of law. It set a marker for the future of justice. It uplifted the importance of human rights in international affairs. We see it in the Nuremberg tribunals, the blueprint we see in those tribunals, the blueprint for future United Nations tribunals that would help deliver justice after atrocities committed in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia. We see it in the values championed at Nuremberg in the antecedents of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the foundation of a rules based international order built out of the records of two wars, world wars. Not just to prevent us from destroying ourselves, but to actively build a better future. We see in the passion of a young prosecutor a commitment is prioritizing the human impacts of policies, a commitment carried through in his son’s career of public-

… commitment carried through in his son’s career of public service by all the students of this institute been inspired by the example. We need you, we need you badly.

And as we look around the world today, we see human rights and democratic principles increasingly under assault. We feel the same charge of history upon our own shoulders to act. We have fewer democracies in the world today than we did 15 years ago, fewer, not more, fewer. Cannot be sustained. That’s why from day one of my administration, I’ve taken concrete steps to put human rights back at the center of our foreign policy and reassert our moral leadership on the global stage, to lead as Chris has so often heard me say, with the power of our example, not the example of our power.

Chris and I’ve served in the foreign relations committee. We excoriated abuses elsewhere in the world and call for action overseas. Human rights in some ways, stood apart from the domestic struggle of civil rights and civil liberties and equal justice here at home.

Today, we know that our efforts to defend human rights around the world are stronger, because we recognize our own historic challenges as part of that same fight. Leading by example means taking action at home, to renew and defend our own democracy, to advance equity and promote justice, to defend the sacred right to vote in free, fair and secure elections. Leading by example means not pretending our history has been perfect, but demonstrating how strong nations speak honestly about the past and uphold the truth, strive to improve.

We make the best case for gender equality, racial justice and equity, religious freedom, the rights of the LGBTQ Plus peoples and other marginalized communities around the world, by practicing what we preach.

First 10 minutes I was office, I ended the Muslim ban, advancing racial equity through the federal government, overturning the ban on transgender individuals serving openly in the United States military, establishing the White House Gender Policy Council. Demonstrating that our commitment human rights begins at home is among the most powerful and persuasive tools in our foreign policy kit. And as we defend human rights beyond our shores, they’re more effective when we work together, allies and partners in our shared values.

America as a nation is unique in all history. Not because we’re inherently better, because the basis upon which we are organized. Virtually every ever nation is organized based on ethnicity, religion, geography, color. We’re unique in all the world. We’re based on one guiding principle. We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men and women are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, including life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

We have never lived up to it. We have never until very recently walked away from it. Arc has always bent closer and closer to justice and inclusion. The moment we stopped, the moment we rest is the moment that our influence diminishes.

So we’re reengaging multilaterally and rallying the world to advance university human rights and fundamental freedoms, to prove that democracies can still deliver in an age of fast-moving cross-cutting challenges. We have rejoined the UN Human Rights Council, which we walked away from. The United States of America didn’t want to be part.

I mean, just yesterday we won an election. It’s a new three-year term that begins in January . We had to fight to get back on it, because the world wondered, do we mean it still? United States of America. Do we mean it?

In December, the United States will host a virtual summit, a summit of democracies, to bring together world leaders, to make concrete commitments, to defend democratic values and push back against advancing authoritarianism. Not war, but important words. You can’t return to a world where might is right and strong nations abuse weak, or oppress individual rights to impunity.

Nuremberg forced us look closely at the evil of humankind and what we’re capable of perpetrating, to see mass atrocities. Crimes against humanity do not happen by accident. They don’t happen by accident. There is only choices, choices made by individual human beings and world leaders. And sadly, when we look around the world today, we cannot say that the specter of atrocity is behind us.

We see today the patterns, the choices, playing out around the world, even as we speak, the oppression and use of forced labor for the Uyghurs in Xinjiang, treatment the Rohingya by the military  in Burma, the rampant abuses, including the use of starvation and sexual violence to terrorize civilian populations in Northern Ethiopia.

Whenever we hear that kind of poisonous hatred where we ever we see our fellow human beings being dehumanized, doesn’t mean go to war, but we must speak out. Silence, as my dad would remind me, silence is complicity. Silence is complicity. That’s what Nuremberg said. Your silence is complicity.

I’ve raised these issues personally with leaders around the world, our friends and adversaries alike. And I made it clear that no US president should stand by when human rights are under attack and maintain their legitimacy. Those who we are, that’s who we are as Americans. It’s part of our DNA. We fought, we marched, we sacrificed to ensure the rights are not reserved to just the wealthy or the powerful. They’re a God-given inheritance of every person on this planet by virtue of our shared humanity.

As I said to the Supreme Court justice, who I disagreed with in the hearing, “We have a different … You think I have my rights because the Constitution granted to me.” I possess my rights because I was born, and I gave up some of my rights in the Constitution. That’s the radical idea at the core of the founding of our …

That’s the radical idea at the core of the founding of our nation, as I said, that all men and women are created equal. We really are endowed by a creator with certain unalienable rights and those rights don’t flow from the power of the government. These rights exist for every individual, period. It’s the job of government to protect them, to uphold them equally for all people. We’ve never, as I’ve said, fully lived up to that animated American ideal but we’ve never turned our backs on it. In all the years, since our founding, that idea has been our nation’s steady North Star drawing us back on course, a constant struggle to live up to our highest domestic democratic principles to self-correct has made us a beacon of hope for the rest of the world. It’s also made us strong, resilient, innovative, dynamic.

As I said, I repeat, I apologize, America’s the only nation founded of an idea, the single most powerful idea in human history. It sparked our revolution that helped ignite the wave of change around the world, the success of generations that built on it, expanding our understanding and extending protections to an ever wider circle. We must never forget just how fragile the principle of universal human rights still is, how easily bruised often sacrificed in human battles for power and personal enrichment. In an age of increasing misinformation and disinformation, we must not grow complacent in our defense of the democratic values would have been the firm foundation for an era of peace and prosperity unprecedented in human history. A tax on truth are still the harbinger of tyranny. Nothing about our democracy is assured, as I’m sure you’ve all become to realize lately. Nothing about our freedom is guaranteed. We have to work for it.

And those letters from Tom Dodd to his dear wife Grace reflecting his service at Nuremberg he wrote, “Sometimes a man knows his duty so clearly, so surely he cannot hesitate and he dare not refuse it.” Tom Dodd lived a life with a clarity of purpose. He brought it to his service as U.S. Senator, leading the floor fights with the Kennedys on civil rights legislation in the 60s, advocating for gun safety in a state that was a major gun manufacturer, legislation that was ahead of its time fighting always for human rights and democracy against the forces of oppression and injustice. He passed that passion onto his children and through his son. Chris carried forward his father’s mantel in the United States Senate. He uses it to fight for all American children and families, passing the first childcare act we’ve seen this country since World War Two passing the Family Medical Leave Act.

Chris rallied against policies that militarized the relationships in Latin America and argued instead to recognize and invest in the people in our hemisphere. He spoke out when he saw the legacy of justice that his father had fought for in Nuremberg being wrapped in the excesses of a war on terror. And he helped to create this center, growing it over the years from an archival repository for the truth into a leading center for the study and promotion of human rights at home and abroad into a widely respected academic institution training the next generation of human rights defenders and passing the torch to those of you who will carry the fight on into the future for the truth. So as we rededicate the Dodd Center for Human Rights to honor the legacies of both father and son let’s also dedicate it to the future of generations, to the students here in the audience today who discover and defend human rights is the passion and purpose of our life.

So let us be dedicated to expanding our shared understanding that we can never fully realize the freedom we wish for ourselves, but also helping ensure that liberty and justice for everyone. And let’s dedicate it the unending fight to bring our own nation, our own world closer to a future in which every human being is free to pursue the highest dreams and unleash their full potential. And for you students that are here, undergraduates at this great institution, there’s no reason why you will not be doing what I’m doing as President of the United States standing here speaking to audiences to now. I mean that from the bottom of my heart. I was taught, I came from very modest means, no  story, but very modest means, that you can be anything you set your mind to if you work at it.

So many of you in this audience, especially in the second tier there, are the people that my grandchildren will be looking to. There’s not a single reason why, not a single reason why, we can’t do this. Not a single reason. As I’ve told every world leader that I’ve gotten to know, and I’ve met many, many of them, it’s never been a good bet to bet against the American people. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you.Well, I tell you what, I don’t know where that phrase, “It’s a big deal” came from. If anybody remembers that, which you seem to all remember, after the president spoke and I spoke after, well, then President Obama, he was back to my right. And I went back and I made sure I was talking on his left ear because it was all he was down the hallway. And I whispered what I said.

How in God’s name anybody heard it, I have no idea. And I shouldn’t waste your time and tell you this. But we were going to go from there over to the department of transportation. No, excuse me, the department of education. And I walked out the back and got in the presidential limo on the driver’s side in the backseat. The president, he was already in there and he was laughing like the devil. He was almost hysterical. I said, “What’s so damn funny?” And he told me. And I said, “You’re just lucky my mother’s not alive. I’d be one dead man.”

Look, before I began, I would like to say a word about a friend of mine, who we lost this weekend. Man, a few hours west of Russell, Kansas came from not far from here, Russell, Kansas. A lot of Americans today remember Bob Dole as a presidential candidate, but for families, he represented across the border. He represented Kansas for 36 years.

And for those like me, who had the honor of calling him a friend, Bob Dole was an American giant, a man of extraordinary courage, both physical and moral courage. A war hero who sacrificed beyond measure. Who nearly gave his life for our country in World War II. Among the greatest of a great generation. A leader of honesty, decency, and good humor, the same qualities that made him such a cherished friend to me and my wife, Jill, and so many others through the years. We didn’t agree in everything, but I always admired and respected him in his willingness to work with anyone, any party, when it mattered most. And our nation owes Bob Dole a debt of gratitude for the remarkable service and a life well lived.

And being here this week reminds me of another great American giant, or rather an American Monarch. Buck O’Neil, the Kansas City Monarch. A great ball player, a first black coach and the majors, one of the games greatest ambassadors. And finally, finally, a Hall of Famer. Now, if the sun shining a little brighter on Kansas City this week, is because Bob and Buck are up there sharing a laugh with one another.

I also want to acknowledge Mayor Quinton Lucas. Mayor Q, you’ve done an amazing job, both in terms of economic justice, as well as economic progress. And I want to thank county executive Frank Wright. He lived the life I had hope to live. He started off as a laborer. He helped build the Royals Stadium. As a player, he’s one of the best ever played there. And now, he is a county executive in Jackson County, resident and a business as well. I mean this guy’s done it all. I thought maybe I could make in the pros, but look what the hell.

I actually was foolish enough to ask Floyd Little, he was a friend of mine in Syracuse, if he could get his agent to see if I could walk on. You know every year, they allow 50 folks to walk on. Well, guess what? He came back to me laughing, he said, “My agent said they’re afraid if they let you walk on, they’d have to just carry off.”

Look. The infrastructure law is signed Thanksgiving would not be possible, and this is not hyperbole, without the leaders here today. Congressman Emanuel Cleaver was a great mayor, a significant leader in the house. Before he is both those things, he was a pastor. And he saw a highway cut through the neighborhood, many of his congregants call home. He knows that we need to build our infrastructure the right way, not just build it, but build it the right way. He also is a big reason Kansas City is adding electric buses to this fleet. Zero fare, zero emissions. Congressman, great idea. Great idea.

And congresswoman Sharice Davids, there is no stronger advocate for infrastructure investment in the United States Congress, that I have ever met anyway. And as vice chair of the house transportation infrastructure committee, your leadership was key in getting this passed. I want to thank you. There you are. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

And I also want to thank somebody else, Roy Blunt. He couldn’t be here today, but he was an important part of the bipartisan effort to get the infrastructure passed. And that’s what we’re here about. We’re here talking about rebuilding America, investing in America, building a better America. In the coming weeks, I’m going to be traveling all over the country and so will Vice President Harris, my cabinet and folks throughout our administration. Our Building a better America tour is going to give us a chance to meet people where they work, where they work and hear what the communities that they live in, what they need. Hear first hand. And showcase how our bipartisan infrastructure law, which has changed their lives for the better, came about because we work together. We can learn more about this law and what it means for a community, go to build.gov.

Look, the better part of the 20th century. We led the world by significant margin and our willingness to invest in ourselves. In ourselves. We invested in our infrastructure. We invested in research and development, in our roads, highways, bridges, ports, airports. The arteries of the nation allowed commerce to function smoothly and move swiftly.

And we invested in our people. We gave opportunity. We were among the first to provide access to universal education and high school education in the beginning of the 20th century, which put us in the forefront of leading the rest of the world. We invested to win the space race, and we won it. We led the world in research and development, led the creation of the internet. But we know that China and the rest of the world are catching up. And in some respects, actually moving beyond us.

We are also going to reinvest our country and our people to reclaim our leadership, to create millions of jobs by building a better America, with the best infrastructure in the world. Built overwhelmingly with prevailing wage union, union, union. There’s a lot of good and decent people in the financial industry, but they didn’t build the middle class. Unions built the middle class. Now not a joke, not a political statement. It’s a reality. It’s a reality.

And look, this infrastructure bill without the union’s support behind me to get this done, would’ve never gotten done. It starts with the most significant investment in roads and bridges in America in 70 years. Fixing many of those 3,500 bridges, nearly 10,000 miles of roads in Kansas and Missouri in poor condition. Like the central-

… Missouri in poor condition, like the Central Avenue Bridge which was closed earlier this year for fear of failure. A similar bridge, not far from here, going to Kentucky, there was fear of failure and it collapsed killing a whole heck of a lot of people. But this created a whole lot of headaches, waste of time for 8,500 people who used to drive it every single day. The decaying roads cost Missouri and Kansas drivers more than $500 per person per year, the drivers and additional gas and repairs and longer commute times. A more than $500 hidden tax on Kansas and Missouri families.

And speaking of the cost of living, two weeks ago, I announced the largest ever release of the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve to increase the supply of oil to help bring down prices. And I met with our friends around the world. Other countries joined us and those savings are starting to reach drivers. Now today, the average price you’ll paid here in Kansas City is below $2 a gallon, $2 or $3 a gallon. It’s down to $2.90 a gallon, 20% down from a month ago. Nationally, prices are down 7 cents a gallon, continuing to fall. We’re making progress. We’re going to keep at it to ensure the American people are paying their fair share for gas, not being gouged for gas.

Look, we’re in a situation where we’ve known that our infrastructure had problems for a long, long time. I don’t think I could take one more phrase, it’s going to be infrastructure week, but guess what? It’s going to be infrastructure decade now, man. No more talking. Action. It will also include the most significant investment in passenger rail in 50 years, $66 billion for passenger and freight rail.

I was talking with members about improving cross state, interstate passenger rail, something I know a little about. I’ve been doing it for a long time. The fact is that you’re looking at Mr. Amtrak here. I’ve traveled over a million, 250,000 miles on Amtrak. Everybody thought… Anyway, because I went home every single night after my wife and daughter were killed because I couldn’t afford a home in Delaware and in Washington. So I commuted every day. I remember one day, as vice president, the government keeps fastidious records of how many miles you travel on government planes. And so, there’s a big headline, Biden travels. I forget what it was, a million miles on Air Force II and so on and so forth.

And I’m getting on the train to go home, which the Secret Service, they’re great. They’re with me here today, all 800 of you, but all kidding aside, they’re wonderful. And I was getting on the train because they didn’t like me getting on the train, Congressman, because its more dangerous circumstance. You can stop people from fixing on tracks, et cetera.

But I was going home to see my mom who was sick. And one of the conductors I know for years walked up and Greg said, “Joey baby, grab my cheek.” And not a joke. And I thought that he was going to get shot. True story. And I said, “No, no it’s okay. We’ve known each other.” He said, “Joey, big deal, a million miles or wherever. It was a million miles on Air Force II. Come on, Joey. You know how many miles you travel on Amtrak?” I said, “No, I don’t know how many miles.” He said, “We calculated it at the retirement dinner.” He said, “36 years, 119 days a year back and forth. Then as vice president, we figure you’ve done X number of trips. It adds up to 1,200,000 miles on Amtrak.” And I said, “If my dad were here, he’d call it a misspent adulthood.” But all kidding aside, back in the early 70s, probably ’74, I think it was or was a guy named Charlie Wheeler, talked about this, your mayor. Seriously.

And there’s no reason why it should be two hours faster to drive from Kansas City to St. Louis than take a train. No reason. All the data shows that if you get from point A to point B at a faster rate, by rail than by automobile, you’ll take the rail and guess what that does? First of all, it’s safer. But secondly, it’s going to save over millions of barrels of oil, millions of barrels of oil, because it’s electric.

Look, folks. We’re the largest investment in public transit ever in this legislation. Imagine replacing buses that are past the useful life. Switching from diesel to electric, getting more people where they’re trying to go more safely, faster, cleaner, like what you’re doing here with your zero fare and zero emission buses. Electric buses, you added to the fleet. It’s a win, win, win. They’re manufactured here in America, creating good union jobs. They’re good for the environment and they’re making them free for all riders. Mayor, they’re helping regular riders save about $2,000 bucks a year. That’s a big deal for someone making $50, $60 grand a year.

Our infrastructure law means more projects like the extension of the Kansas City street car. So you can connect Union Station with UMKC and everything in between. It means students can easily get to internships and jobs in downtown core. It means families can get to restaurant, stores, the Plaza, to the riverfront, to catch the Kansas City current game at the new stadium. The first stadium, by the way, I might specifically point out specifically built for women’s soccer.

I was able to see and win the Olympic. Anyway, it’s a long story, but it means more jobs, opportunity, economic development. The law invests $42 billion to modernize our ports and airports in America. Like the new terminal you’re building in the Kansas Union International or improvements to the Island Port in the Missouri River, helping get agricultural products from the Midwest to the rest of the nation. And this bill has $16 billion in it to improve ports like yours. These investments make it easier, easier for companies to get their goods in marketing, reducing supply chain bottlenecks, lowering cost for families.

Here in Kansas City, the possibilities are unlimited. You got the fastest growing port in the Midwest here in the heart of the Heartland for freight rail, for transforming your airport. You’re building a national hub, create a cycle of jobs and growth that’ll be felt for decades making the right investments and you have the money to do it now.

Of course, that’s not all the law achieves. Under the leadership of mayors like our mayor here, KC Water is going to replace all known service lines is Kansas City, but there’s more work to be done in the region. The law starts by replacing all 100% of the nation’s lead pipes and service lines. So every child in Missouri and Kansas and across America can turn on that faucet in the 4,000 schools, you can’t do it. 44,000, I should say, and drink clean, decent water. They’re going to need tens of thousands of plumbers and pipefiters, making a union wage to undo this. You get paid a prevailing wage with benefits, with ability to build a middle class life. I grew up like a lot of you did. I grew up in a nice three-

I grew up like a lot of you did. I grew up in a nice three bedroom split level home in a development of about 70 other homes like it with four kids and a grandpa living with us, but I remember every time something would happen, my dad, I remember when he lost his health insurances company, you could tell, the walls were thin how upset he was that night just rolling in bed.

… matter. He said, we don’t have health insurance for a while, honey. And my dad used to say, everybody deserves just a little bit of breathing room, a little bit of breathing room. This law is going to make high speed internet affordable and available everywhere in America, creating jobs, deploying those broadband lines across the high speed internet access to high speed internet unlocks opportunity everywhere. It allows farmers in Kansas to use precision agriculture to improve their yields or a doctor in St. Louis every a remote checkup with a home bound cancer patient. Today, roughly one of every Missourians, one out of every three six in Kansas don’t have high speed internet in their home. In some places, there’s no broadband infrastructure at all. This law will make high speed internet affordable and available everywhere in Missouri and Kansas, urban, suburban, and rural. In the 21st century in America, no parent should have to do what many had to do last semester and that is sit in the parking lot of a fast food restaurant, so their children could use the internet to get their homework done. This is the United States of America for God’s sake.

This law also builds out a resilience against extreme weather events fueled by climate change. Last year, extreme weather events cost this country $99 billion and I toured most of it. I was out in California. More forest burned to the ground, burned to the ground than the entire square mileage of the state of New Jersey from cape all the way up to New York City and Long Island. That’s how much we lost and it goes on.

Missouri and Kansas are no strangers to these effects. In fact, Missouri and Kansas were both in the top 10 states in the US last year for power outages. Then Texas saw the massive black outs last winter, because you’re on the Southwest power grid, you lost power too. This summer, you saw heavy storms closed roads in Waverly, Kansas, caused flooding in St. Joseph’s to Columbia to Jefferson City. And when you think about the impact of more intense weather, more severe storms, none of us are ever going to forget the devastation in Joplin. In 2014, I went there to help reopen to rebuilt Joplin High School … of Joplin. We never break. We never stop. We Americans always rebuild and we will rebuild this country.

This law builds back our bridges, our water systems, our power lines, electric grids, better, stronger, and more resistant to the negative effects of climate change because by the way, it used to be as the elected officials here can tell you, if you had storm damage and you qualified for federal aid, you got them just enough amount of money to get you back to exactly what it looked like before, but you can’t do that because now that highway gets flooded out. It’s never going to go back to less rain because of global warming. Pray God, it won’t get worse. So you got to build that highway a couple feet higher. It costs more money. You got to build back better, and there’s so much more in this law.

Most of all, the law does something truly historic. The law helps rebuild, when I announced for office, I said I was running for three reasons. One to restore the soul of this country, a sense of decency and honor. Two to rebuild the backbone of this country, working class and hard work and middle class people, that’s the backbone of this country. And thirdly, to unite the country, which is turning out to be one of the most difficult things, but we’re going to get it done.

Look, the fact of the matter is that we’ve been able to do an awful lot. We built America and we’ve left behind so much for so long. We’re going to help rebuild the economy this time from the bottom up and the middle out. This bill is a blue collar blueprint for working Americans. 95% of the jobs created in the infrastructure bill don’t require a college education. The only way this works is blue collar Americans do the building, and the only way it ever worked, we’re going to do it again, mark my words. We’re going to do this again. And the same goes my plan to build back better for our people.

This bill’s going to deliver, for example, universal pre-K for every three and four year old in America. One study. A great university have done a lot of studies on this in the last decade. One study shows that low income children from poor homes participating in preschool are 47% more likely to go on to earn an associate’s degree or higher after high school. They start off at a great disadvantage because their mom or their dad, their single parent doesn’t have the education, doesn’t have the training, but at three years old, the brain is rapidly developing so quickly. It matters. We have to build that foundation for the future for success.

My wife, Jill, is a full-time teacher. And she says any nation that out educates us is going to out compete us, that’s simply a fact, and guess what? Hold it here. Every nation of the 38 most advanced nations, we rank 34 in the world, 34 in the world in early education for children, the United States of America. My Build Back Better plan, which is passed in the House of Representatives, thanks to my two colleagues here today. Representatives will also ensure that parents can afford childcare. Childcare gets workers a raise and childcare workers get a raise they deserve.

Folks, look, in Missouri and Kansas, the average annual cost to send a toddler to childcare is $6,500 a year. If you live in Chicago, it’s more like $22,000 a year for a child. Okay? It means that the average family with two young children is spending roughly 20% of their after tax income on childcare, $20 out of every $100 they have. Our Build Back Better bill is going to make a giant difference in life because your childcare cost will be capped at 7% of your income, period. That’s 7% of your income. It’s going to make a huge difference for millions of workers who have had to drop out of the workforce, not because they didn’t want to work, but because they couldn’t find affordable care. Look at all the women who are totally qualified, who had to drop out of the workforce because they can’t afford the childcare and still work.

Look, folks, it’s not the same, but I started about commuting. One of the reasons I started commuting was when I got elected, my family was killed. My wife and daughter were killed. I couldn’t afford to leave Delaware because I had a sister, my best friend, my brother, my mother, my father helped me raise my kids. I was making good money. I was making $42,000 a year as a Senator. I could no more afford full-time childcare than fly.

We’re going to make college more for affordable. Right now, the cost of a two year degree in Missouri is over $4,000 a year. In Kansas, it’s over $3,000 a year. There are about 140,000 students in these two states that rely on we call Pell grants and make less than 50 grand a year, Pell grants, to help cover the cost. This plan I have also is going to increase Pell grants by $550 a year. It makes it easier to stay in school. It makes a big difference. We’re also going to lower prescription drug prices. This week.

Is going to lower prescription drug prices. This week I spoke to a young woman who told me the cost of insulin for her diabetes, she’s type one diabetes, meant having to choose between rent, groceries, and medication. She said relentlessly without relief every day, so she couldn’t do it. So she began to ration her supply of insulin. She ended up in a coma and almost died. Think about that, the difference between nearly dying and thriving is the cost of one drug that cost $10 to make years ago, nothings changed it. That can cost consumers now $1,000 a month. Well, so if you’re one of those Americans who’re paying too much for insulin, my Build Back Better Plan’s going to change that too, because you’re going to guarantee you pay no more than $35 a month. It’d be different if they invested another 1500 bucks in research, that did nothing to change it. They’ll make sure parents of the 200,000 children in America with type one diabetes the parent to have the ability to say to a child, honey, it’s going to be okay. Can you imagine the dignity you’ll be deprived as a parent, knowing your child has type one diabetes and you can’t afford their insulin. You can’t afford it because you don’t have insurance and your state doesn’t have Medicare.

Look, it’s all about what working in middle class people have to pay to get by, to get ahead, to get, as my dad said, that little bit of breathing room. My whole plan is designed to bring down the cost you face. For example, lower cost for childcare making you don’t pay more than 7% of your income. Means the family making 50,000 bucks a year will save $3,000 a year on child cost. Lowering the cost of prescription drug, making sure you’re paying no than 35 bucks a month, for instance, not a 100, not a 1,000 a month. Saving $600 per person per year for healthcare premiums. The list goes on, elder care, housing, meeting the moment of climate change. That’s what this plan does.

All in study found that my plan with me the equivalent of $7,400 in tax cuts and savings for the typical family of four with two kids. And guess what? Let’s talk about inflation, it’s real, there’s inflation. 17 Nobel winners of the economics have written a letter just about three weeks ago to me affirming that this bill would ease long term inflationary pressures in the economy. Two of the leading rating agencies in the world, the Wall Street Journal confirmed my plans do not add to inflationary pressures. Not liberal think tanks, Wall Street, Moody’s.

Look, what I proposed is in a way to lower some of the difficult costs families that to pay every month by asking corporations and the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share for change. Look, right now, everybody talks about the price tag for this legislation, a trillion, 750 billion dollars. It will not cost the taxpayers a penny. If you’re making less than 400 grand a year, you’re not going to have your taxes go one single penny, not a cent. And guess what else? It also means that there is no increase, no increase in your taxes, and people are going to just pay a fair share. For example, there are 50 corporations in America the last three years of the Fortune 500 that made 40 billion that didn’t pay one single solitary penny, not one single penny in taxes. Come on folks.

It used to be during the last Bush administration, the top rate, top 1% paid 37.5%. It got lowered to 36%. It doesn’t any impact, it just means whether or not they’re going to have an extra swimming pool at the extra home. But all kidding aside, if you just take it from 36 back up to 37.5, it pays for every bit of preschool and it pays for every bit of we’re talking about in terms of insulin. Now what’s better for American corporations? What’s better for the wealthy? For a healthier nation, everybody being better educated or having that extra amount of money that they already have a great deal of. I’m a capitalist. I’m a good friend of Bernie’s, but we disagree. I’m not a socialist, I’m a capitalist. You should be able to make a million or a hundred million bucks if you can, but pay your fair share. Folks look, there’s so much we can do, so many things that are within our power. If you went to the average is American family making 60 to 70 grand, or you went to a family where dad was a teacher and mom a police officer making 120. They’re paying it a higher tax rate than someone making a billion dollars, for real. How can that be fair? Look, one of the reasons I feel so firmly in the proposals is because I know what this country can be. We’ve always been a nation of possibilities, we didn’t become this nation by thinking small, we’ve always thought big. Throughout our history we’ve emerged from crisis by investing in ourselves, in our people. During the Civil War, before it was over, Lincoln started to build a transcontinental railroad, was built at the end of it during the Civil War. During the Cold War, Eisenhower built the interstate highway system, transforming the way Americans lived. And now we’re at work beginning and building an economy the 21st century, to build a better America.

I truly believe, and I promise you this, I believe that 50 years from now, when historians look back on this moment, they’re going to say this was the moment that America won the competition for the 21st century. Think about it. Most of you who are over 40, remember us always having the number one infrastructure in the world, the best education, et cetera. We ranked now number eight in the world in terms of investment in research and development, 14th in infrastructure, the United States of America. And if you’re a business man out there or you work or you’re a union person working for a business, where’s the business going to go where they can get the products to market fastest, safest, where they have access to get in and out, where they have access to move? That’s why we’re losing. That’s why we’re losing. We’re not going to lose anymore, I promise you. The time of losing is over. It’s over, over, over, over.

God bless you all and may God protect our truth. Thank you for your patience. I appreciate it. Thank you.Good afternoon as we enter this Christmas and New Year, the bill I’m about to sign into law truly represents the spirit of the season in my view, season of hope and light, goodness and grace, and the power of unity and every day Americans doing extraordinary things. That’s accelerating access to critical therapies for ALS act.§ That’s what we’re going to talk about today. ALS known as Lou Garrick’s disease, attacks the nervous system and weakens the muscles, making it hard to lift up a spoon to eat or to take a step to walk. It leads to paralysis and ultimately leads to death. Within an average of two to five years of diagnosis. Since Lou Garrick, the Hall of Famer from New York Yankees, announced his retirement from baseball in 1939 because of the disease, no cure has been found. Treatments are still limited and the outcomes are still the same.

That’s 82 years with hundreds of thousands of lives lost. But today we’re finally closer than ever to new treatments. And hopefully, hopefully, God willing, a cure. And it’s because of the movement led by the patients and caregivers and members of Congress of both parties, many of whom are joining us today virtually. Patients like Brian Wallick and his wife, Sandra. They met in 2008 working in the Hampshire primary for Barack Obama, believing in a movement of hope and change. Then they both worked for the Obama Biden White House, driven by public service. Beloved by colleagues, anchored by the love of family. In 2015, they became parents of their first child, Ella. In 2017, their second child, Naomi, was born. The entire world was in front of them, perhaps to run for elective office at home in Illinois, or working for this White House, raising two beautiful daughters until everything changed.

The coughs, the cramps, the twitches. Within days of welcoming baby Naomi, Brian was diagnosed with ALS at the age of 36 and given six months to live. That was four years ago. And Brian and Sandra are joining us today virtually, I say hi to you both, because they turn their pain into purpose. They talked to doctors and researchers. They met more patients and families. They met with their elected leaders, senators Durban and Duckworth and representative Quigley. And they rallied their family and friends and built another campaign powered by hope and change as well. They were bold. They were told that it would be hard, but they stayed bold. There’d be too many obstacles they were told, but because of the nature of the disease, there wouldn’t be enough time where they were told, I suspect. But they never gave up. They launched I Am ALS to put a face on the movement, powered by the people. They partnered with patients like Dan Tate, who advocated for these issues for a long time as an ally and then as an ALS patient himself.

They were joined by patients like  and Sandy Morris, joined by caregivers like Deb Paust, Christina Thompson and groups like ALS Association, the Muscular Dystrophy Association that helped organize the community. A community that wrote countless letters and convened countless meetings with members of Congress and their staffs, many with their own personal connections to this terrible disease to get this bill passed. I want to thank House Speaker Pelosi, Minority Leader, McCarthy, Senate Majority Leader, Schumer and Minority Leader, McConnell. Thank you to the Members of the House, where it had 331 co-sponsors this bill. And it passed by a vote of 423 to three, including the Bill’s lead sponsor, Mike Quigley, Democrat from Illinois. Jeff Fortenberry, Republican from Nebraska. Like many others, , Democrat from California, Red Guthrie, Republican Kentucky, Jan Sandowski Democrat from Illinois, Kathy Morris Republican from Washington State, Frank Palone, Democrat from New Jersey. And members of the House ALS caucus.

And you’re wondering why I’m saying whether they’re Democrats or Republicans. To make the point, when we act together, we get things done. And this is totally, totally, totally a bipartisan effort. For the United States Senate, there were 64 co-sponsors and a pass with unanimous support led by Chris Koons of Delaware, Lisa McKowski of Alaska, Patty Murray of Washington State Richard Bur, North Carolina, Dick Durban and Tammy Duckworth, Democrats of Illinois. We’re joined today by secretary of Health and Human Services, Xavier Beccera, whose department will play a vital role in implementing the law. Folks, that’s democracy in action. The people spoke, their elected leaders voted, and their president’s about to sign and building a law that’s consequential. It’s about accelerating hope and giving patients a fighting chance. The law invests $100 million annually for the next five years to do three important things.

First, it directs the Department of Health and Human Services to issue grants that support research on the access to promising new therapies for patients who don’t make it into clinical trials. This means hope for patients who would otherwise have no access to treatments that could possibly work for them. Second, it established the first of its kind public private partnership led by the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, to work with academia and nonprofits in the private sector to speed the development and evaluation of therapies for ALS and other neurodegenerative diseases. And third, it creates a giant program at the FDA to develop new ways to prevent, diagnose, treat, and cure ALS and other neurodegenerative diseases. This bill really matters. You all know ALS robs patients and families of so much. The immense physical, emotional, and financial toll, loss of dignity and the loss of time. For too long, there have been no survivors of ALS, but this bill could get us closer to changing that. To Brian and Sandra, to the patients and caregivers who built and led this movement.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And know this, there are countless people who, even if they haven’t experienced ALS, they’ve experienced some other cruel twist of fate. They see you and you give them hope as well. I see on the screen, a fellow who used to work for my son, Bo, and whose mom was a leader at the University of Delaware in physical therapy. And whose dad died of ALS, Alex Makler. The fact is, Alex, you, for me and my family, when you worked for Bo and then worked for us, we experienced watching our son battle cancer and go through the process so many of you experienced. And you gave us hope. Getting the news, trying to find hope, knowing that the time would come, but as hard as it is, we found a way forward by finding purpose from the pain and by finding strength from others like you.

One of the reasons I ran for president was to end cancer as we know it. Just as we can end ALS as we know it. And so many other diseases. The Defense Department has something called the Defense Advanced Research Agency, DARPA, that advances cutting edge research to protect our national security. That’s led to things like GPS and the modern internet. In my budget, as president, I’m calling for the creation of Advanced Research Project Agency for Health, ARPA-H. That will advance breakthroughs in how we detect, treat and cure cancers, diabetes Alzheimer’s, and other neurological diseases. It’s about showing the American people that as a country, we can come together, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, and do big things because of the best researchers in the world. That our democracy can deliver. There’s nothing beyond our capacity when we do it together as United States of America.

I believe this bill is an example of that truth. And I’m honored to sign the Accelerating Access to Critical Therapies for ALS Act into law right now.

May God bless the patients and their families and caregivers and all of you on the screen who’ve dealt with this disease in so many ways. You’re amazing. You’re truly amazing. God bless you all. And I’m going to go over and sign this legislation. Thank you.

HR3537 Accelerating Access to Critical Therapies for ALS Act. God willing, we’re going to make real progress. Again, thank you all. And God willing, have a happy holiday. I wish I could see you all in person.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Jerry, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Mayor, thanks for the passport into town. I tell you every time I come to the greater Chicago area, there’s somebody I want to steal and bring back to Washington, Gov. I’ve done it a couple times.

At any rate, look, Jerry, every company needs people like you. Every single one. Someone who knows what my dad taught me and a lot of people who know me well, including the governor’s sister who I worked closely with for eight years, my dad used to have an expression, he used to say, “Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and Joey a job’s a hell of a lot more than about a paycheck. It’s about your dignity. It’s about your place in the community. It’s about being to look your kid in the eye and say, ‘Honey, everything’s going to be okay.'” That’s the God’s truth. He said ever since he lost, things went south in Scranton, Pennsylvania when I was a kid and coal shut down. My dad was not a coal miner. I had a great grandfather who was a coal miner engineer, but he was a salesperson. We moved down to Wilmington, Delaware, a little town called Claymont, a little steel town, where there’s no steel anymore, but right on the border of Pennsylvania. It was always about the dignity of work.

What you’ve been doing here about this pandemic is about protecting the dignity of your fellow Americans. You stayed in an operations mode, lining up protective equipment for the rest of the country, all around the country, and when the vaccine came out, you all stepped up and you got the shots. As a company, you’re getting more shots in arms. I want to thank Otto for hosting us here at Clayco, one of the Midwest’s biggest construction companies, three billion dollars a year in revenue, thousands of employees nationwide, and here in Elk Grove, 100% union, not labor, union. Union.

One of the reasons I said I ran was to rebuild this country, rebuild the backbone of the country, and I meant it sincerely. The backbone is to build from the bottom up and the middle out. I’m a capitalist. I think these people should be able to go out and make a lot of money. That’s not the problem. But everybody should have even shot. Who built the middle class? Unions built the middle class. Not a joke, without the unions, we would not have a middle class in America, so everybody owes you all.

You’re constructing buildings for some America’s biggest companies, but you’re also doing something bigger than that. You’re helping us beat back COVID-19, so are the great leaders who are here today. JP, Governor, you’ve done more than about anybody I can think of in any state. I mean that sincerely. You’ve stepped up. You’ve always done what you said you were going to do and you’ve been relentless in getting people vaccinated. In the Midwest, you’re leading. You’re leading, and it’s real. It’s not hyperbole. Mayor Lightfoot, who I said, “Please go back to work. I’m going to get in trouble.” She had to leave. But Mayor Lightfoot the same thing. And Elk Grove Mayor Johnson, you’ve done a hell of a job as well.

We have 11 members of Congress here. Raja, thank you for hosting us in your district, for permission to come into the district. I also want to thank colleagues in the House of Representatives, Mike Quigley, Robin Kelly, Bobby Rush, Danny Davis, Jan Schakowsky, an old friend, Bill foster, Brad Snyder, Sean Casten, Lauren Underwood and Marie Newman. For them, you’d all understand it in a different context, but this is a busman’s holiday for them. They have to come hear another politician speak. You know what I mean? Not a joke, folks. I appreciate it. I genuinely appreciate it. I appreciate it. I know they wanted to be here, but there’s others who are in Washington who can’t be here, Dick Durbin and Tammy, who I’ve both spoken to. They’re in Washington and hopefully will be voting soon.

Also, we’ve got state leadership here. Lieutenant Governor Julia’s here, Stratton, and the Ohio, Pennsylvania, the Ohio, Pennsylvania. I’m from Pennsylvania. The Illinois President Don Harmon, State Senator Laura Murphy, State Rep Martin Moylan.

We got great labor leaders here too. Tim. Where’s Tim? There you go. Tim, thank you. Thank you, pal. AFL/CIO state president. And Jeff Isaacson, United Brothers of Carpenters, and Don Finn, IBW and Robert Reiter, R-E-I-T-E-R. Reiter, Chicago Federation of Labor.

Folks, that’s how we beat COVID-19 by working together. We have an expression in that little town of Claymont I was from: “You all brung me to the dance.” Labor, you’re the reason I’m staying here. Not a joke. Not a joke. I got elected when I was 29 years old to the United States Senate, 17 days before I was eligible to be sworn in. I had to wait around to be sworn in. Not a joke, as well. I won by 3,300 votes and labor, including the police unions as well as the firefighters, stood up and endorsed me. I kid with the governor, I said, “I grew up in a town called Claymont, Delaware from third grade on. I went to a little Catholic school called Holy Rosary. Across the street from Holy Rosary was the fire station. And the guys I grew up with, you became either a firefighter, a cop or a priest. I was unqualified for any of them, so I had to be president.

But look, it’s been a month since I laid out a six-part plan to accelerate the path out of this pandemic. One, vaccinate the unvaccinated. Two, continue to keep the vaccinated protected, keep children safe and schools open, which the gov is doing, increase testing and masking, protect the economic recovery and improve the care of the people with COVID-19.

We’ve made real progress across the board. More than 185 million Americans are now fully vaccinated. More than 75% of eligible Americans have gotten at least one shot. We’ve made great progress on equity as well in closing the gaps in race, as well as ethnic vaccination rates. Recent data shows Latino Americans, Black Americans, Native Americans, and Asian Americans have now gotten vaccinated about the comparable rate as White Americans. That’s not happened before. And our work on equity isn’t done, but it’s an important piece of progress. We’re also starting to see less COVID- 19 cases in a vast majority of communities around the-

… less COVID-19 cases, in a vast majority of communities around the country. Cases are down this past month by 40%. Hospitalizations are down by 25%. We’re headed in the right direction. If we don’t, we keep our eye on the ball here. We still have a long way to go. The fact is, this has been a pandemic of the unvaccinated, unvaccinated. The unvaccinated overcrowd our hospitals, over running emergency rooms and intensive care units.

The unvaccinated patients are leaving no room for someone with a heart attack or in need of a cancer operation, and so much more, because they can’t get into the ICU. They can’t get into the operating rooms. The unvaccinated also put our economy at risk, because people are reluctant to go out and think about this. Even in places where there is no restriction on going to restaurants and gyms and movie theaters, people are not going, in anywhere near the numbers, because they’re worried they’re going to get sick.

I’ve tried everything in my power to get people vaccinated. First thing I did when I was sworn into office back on January 20th is I bought enough vaccine right off the bat to vaccinate every single American. There were only 4 million Americans who had been vaccinated up to that point, even though the virus had been around. Second, we made everyone eligible to get a vaccination, and made it easy and convenient for them to find a place to get vaccinated. Over 880,000 places around the country.

Third, we gave everyone ample time and information to deal with their concerns. We developed hundreds of millions of dollars in incentives. You did here in the city and the state of Illinois, in cities and community organizations to encourage vaccinations. Governor Pritzker, you’ve done one hell of a job, in terms of encouraging people before we get to the mandate. But even after all these efforts, we still had more than a quarter of the people in the United States who were eligible for vaccinations, but didn’t get the shot.

And we know there is no other way to beat the pandemic then to get the vast majority of Americans vaccinated. It’s as simple as that, and to spread to our children, to spread throughout society, our hospitals, the risk of other variants, it’s all dangerous and obvious, but we’re still not there. We have to beat this thing. So while I didn’t race to do it right away, that’s why I’ve had to move toward requirements that everyone get vaccinated where I had the authority to do that. That wasn’t my first instinct.

My administration is now requiring federal workers to be vaccinated. We’ve also required federal contractors to be vaccinated. If you have a contract with the federal government, working for the federal government, you have to be vaccinated. We’re requiring active duty military to be vaccinated. We’re making sure healthcare workers are vaccinated, because if you seek care at a healthcare facility, you should have the certainty that the people providing that care are protected from COVID and cannot spread it to you. The Labor Department is going to shortly issue an emergency rule, which I asked for several weeks ago, and they’re going through the process to require all employees with more than 100 people, whether they work for the federal government or not, this is within the purview of the Labor Department, to ensure their workers are fully vaccinated or face testing at least once a week. In total, this Labor Department vaccination requirement will cover 100 million Americans, about two-thirds of all the people who work in America. And here’s the deal, these requirements are already proving that they work.

Starting in July when I announced the first vaccination requirement for the federal government, about 95 million eligible Americans were unvaccinated. This was mentioned a little bit earlier. Today, we’ve reduced that number to 67 eligible Americans who aren’t vaccinated. And today, we released a new report outlining effective vaccination requirements that are already proving their worth.

This report shows three things. First, vaccination requirements result in more people getting vaccinated. In the past few weeks, as more and more organizations have implemented their own requirements, they’ve seen their vaccination rates rise dramatically. For example, the Department of Defense has gone from 67% of active duty forces being vaccinated to 97% as of tomorrow. Vaccinations, just six weeks into this vaccination requirement, that’s how quickly it’s moved. We’re also seeing this at colleges and universities across the country.

More than 95% of students at colleges and universities like Northwestern, the University of Illinois Chicago are vaccinated, and we’re going to see it in health systems around the country as well. Rush University Medical Center here in Chicago has gone from 72% to more than 95% of its employees fully vaccinated under its requirements. These requirements work, and as the business round table and others told me, when I announced the first requirement, that encouraged businesses to feel they could come in and demand the same thing of their employees.

More people are getting vaccinated, more lives are being saved. Let’s be clear. When you see headlines and reports of mass firings and hundreds of people losing their jobs, look at the bigger story. I’ve spoken with Scott Kirby, CEO of United Airlines who’s here today, United went from 59% of their employees to 99% of their employees in less than two months after implementing the requirement. 99%. And by the way, Scott, I want you to know I’ve instructed the Justice Department to make sure that we deal with the violence on aircraft coming from those people who are taking issues. We’re going to deal with that.

In the last days of their implementation, they cut the remaining number of employees left to get vaccinated in half. They went from 67,000 United employees, of 67,000, 66,800 complied. People chose to get vaccinated. That’s why we’re seeing more companies signing up.

I recently met with the CEOs of Disney, Microsoft, who you’re familiar with here, Walgreens, to hear about their requirements. The business roundtable represents 200 of the largest businesses in the world, and has championed vaccination requirements to keep businesses open and workers safe. America’s largest aerospace companies, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, who I met with yesterday, the chairman of the board, Northrop Grumman, they all just announced plans to implement vaccination requirements. This I always get a kick out of, Fox News. Fox News requires vaccinations for all employees. Give me a break, Fox News.

Over the past week, we’ve seen American, Southwest, Alaska, JetBlue Airlines all announced requirements. The leaders in Chicago are stepping up. As I said, the mayor, Mayor Lightfoot, Governor Pritzker are requiring vaccinations of state and city workers, healthcare workers, and teachers. Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce here, Jack , who is here, has called for all members of the Chamber to require vaccinations for their employees going back to work in person. And I came here to Clayco to thank this company for doing the right thing.

Today, Clayco is announcing it’s going to require all employees to be fully vaccinated or test once a week. It matters. I know these decisions aren’t easy, but you’re setting an example and a powerful example. Second thing I’d like to say, today’s report shows that vaccination requirements are good for the economy. Not only increasing vaccination rates, but to help send people back to work, back to work. When I first started the vaccination program and we got all that vaccine enough for everyone, we’re vaccinating three million people a day, we were getting very close before things began to slow down. The economy’s growing in leaps and bounds. 6%, the fastest growing major economy in the world. In fact, increased vaccination coverage results in as many as five million American workers going back to work, because they feel safe they can go back to work.

There’ll be more economic demand to drive people back to the workforce, but don’t take it from me. Not from some liberal think tank this comes from, but here’s what Wall Street’s saying, Goldman Sachs, “Vaccinations will have a positive impact on employment. It means less spread of COVID-19, which will help people return to work.” Moody’s on Wall Street, “Vaccination means fewer infections, hospitalizations, and deaths. In turn, it means a stronger economy.”

One economist called vaccine requirements, and I quote, “The single most powerful…” He didn’t say single. “The most powerful economic stimulus ever enacted.” And I quote. Third point I’d like to make, the report shows that vaccination requirements have broad public support. Yes, some object. And some object very strenuously, and some are making a political statement out of this issue, but a strong bipartisan majority of Americans support vaccinations.

They know it isn’t about politics. It’s about life and death. That’s what it’s about. It’s about looking out for one another. It’s about being patriotic, doing the right thing. Folks, vaccination requirements work, and there’s nothing new about them. They’ve been around for decades. We’ve been living with these requirements throughout our lives. Students, healthcare professionals, our troops have been required to receive vaccinations from anything from polio to measles, to mumps, to rubella, and the reason most people in America don’t worry about polio-

And the reason most people in America don’t worry about polio, measles, mumps, rubella is because they’ve been vaccinated. I don’t quite get this, why it’s a matter of no violation in your right to be able to go to school or get a job to have, etc. But now, it’s a great cause .

So today, I’m calling on more employers to act. My message is, require your employees to get vaccinated. With vaccinations we’re going to beat this pandemic finally. Without them, we face endless months of chaos in our hospitals, damage to our economy and anxiety in our schools, and empty restaurants and much less commerce. Look, I know the vaccination requirements are tough medicine, unpopular with some, politics for others, but they’re lifesaving. They’re game changing for our country. We’re in a position to leap forward in a way that we haven’t for a long, long time economically. Businesses have more power than ever before to change the arc of this pandemic and save lives and protect and grow our economy.

As President, I’m going to continue to do everything I can to get us out of this pandemic. I look forward to more businesses joining that effort. And for folks who haven’t gotten vaccinated, get it done, do the right thing. You can save your life. You can save the lives of those around you. You know, if I can digress for just a second, last night I was on the television, I was on the telephone with a person at an emergency hospital ward in Pennsylvania, because a good friend had called and he had rushed his significant other to the emergency room because this woman was having trouble breathing, had a high fever and could not really catch her breath. And they got her into the hospital, but the waiting room was so crowded, things were so backed up, they couldn’t even get her to be seen initially.

So, because I knew this person I called the desk, the receiving nurse and asked what the situation was. And has anyone even… And by way, I wasn’t complaining because they’re getting the living hell kicked out of them, by the way. Doctors and nurses, some of them are just, they’re running dry. I really mean it. They’re getting the living hell kicked out of them. And sometimes physically. And to make a long story short, it took while because all of the, not all, the vast majority of the emergency rooms and the docs were occupied taking care of COVID patients.

I bet every one of you can name somebody who got sent to the hospital with something other than COVID and couldn’t get it taken care of how. Many people do you know, I know, who’ve had to put off elective surgery, surgery they needed done, but they couldn’t get a hospital room. Didn’t mean they were going to die in many cases, but some places in the world that’s happening. You can’t even get to do the elective surgery that’s necessary, particularly for a lot of cancer patients.

So look, things are changing and we can end this. We can end this thing. It’s easy, it’s accessible and it’s free to get the vaccine. Text your zip code to 4-3-8-8-2-9, 4-3-8-8-2-9, text your zip code there, or visit vaccines.gov to find a vaccination location near you. I promise there’s one within five minutes of where you are, 15 minutes of where you are, and it’s free.

Let me close with this. We have a plan. We have the tools. We’re using them and we’re making progress. We just have to finish the job, finish the job. So for God’s sake, for your own sake, for the sake of your families, get vaccinated. We can do this. We can do this if we do it together and we can literally change the circumstances, the health, the comradery, the employment, and the access to growing economy if we step up and lead the world.

And one last thing I’d like to mention, which is not directly… It’s not part of what I was going to say today, but I made a commitment that just like World War II, we were the arsenal democracy providing the means by which the allies could fight and win the war. We’re the arsenal of vaccines. I’ve not only purchased enough vaccine to make sure every single American can get a vaccine shot, get the full dose and a booster, but provided for already we put out 1,800,000 doses of vaccines in other parts of the world. And we’re going to end up doing over 1,200,000,000 million dose between now and the end of the first quarter of next year.

Because, you know, it’s not just being decent and honorable with what we can do, but it’s in our own naked interest. If we haven’t learned before, you can’t build a wall high enough to keep out a virus, you can’t do it. You cannot do it. So we have an obligation in our own naked self-interest to help other countries. And by the way, I travel the world, I’ve met with all the major world leaders and I’m going to continue to meet with them. And guess what? Other countries are making like they’re really doing a great deal. We have provided more vaccines around the world than every other country in the world combined. Combined. And guess what? Unlike China and Russian and others, we’re not asking a single thing, not a single thing in return. Nothing, nothing. It’s having a profound impact on how we’re viewed.

So those you who haven’t gotten vaccinated who may be listening to this broadcast, please get vaccinated, please. God bless you all and make God protect our troops. Thank you so very much. Thank you.  Thank you and keep it going.  Thank you. Magnific stage. Beautiful. Good.  too. I can see that.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Before I officially start, Billy, you have something you have to give your wife. I got to remind you. Okay? Okay. You got it? Okay. You got it. All right.

Folks, it’s a great honor to be here. It really is. Commissioner, thank you for that introduction. And it’s great to be with members of Congress here. Maggie Hassan, Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Representative Annie Kuster, as well as Chris Pappas. And let me tell you, the infrastructure law signed yesterday, and this is not hyperbole, would not have been possible without this delegation. That’s a fact. No, I’m… Maggie. You did one hell of a job because folks, you should know that Maggie was a key player in every aspect of this law. She led by getting bipartisan support. She made the case for making sure the law delivers high speed internet everywhere in New Hampshire, which as you know, from the pandemic is badly needed. And that protect New Hampshire coastline from rising sea levels and extreme storms. And she was always making sure New Hampshire roads and bridges like the one we’re standing on today are safe, and this one is not. And so thank you, Maggie.

And Jeanne, I won’t surprise anyone here that you were the key member of this bipartisan group of senators that negotiated the infrastructure deal. Your calm, common sense as usual always leads the way. And I mean that sincerely. The fact is that you need that being married to Billy, be calm, common sense. I shouldn’t be so familiar, but anyway, Billy’s a friend.

But making sure New Hampshire water is safe to drink, upgrading pipes that are 100 years old and helping eliminate PFOS chemicals from the waterway. You always made the case at developing a workforce and jobs that were going to create. It is an issue that many small businesses here in New Hampshire focus on. And I might add parenthetically, one of the things that’s going to happen, we have another bill that’s coming along here that has money for education in it. And it has money for education to provide for money that’s directly for community colleges and for apprentice programs and Pell Grants to allow people the colleges to train for what is needed in the workforce, to train for what is needed in the workforce, including major apprentice programs, a deal so you can hire New Hampshire folks to do this work.

And folks, Annie Kuster’s an old friend and many times, how many times do we talk about New Hampshire’s parents during the pandemic who are worried about not having high speed internet at their home, children learning remotely, especially here in rural New Hampshire. And every time this issue came up, you were there reminding us of making the case as she did in every element of the bill.

And Chris, he was a key member of the committee that got this bill across the finish line, because the truth of the matter is, getting big ideas and actual a bill is hard work and technical data is required. It requires getting into the nitty gritty and details without losing the big picture. And that’s exactly what you did, Chris. He always remembered the big picture and always making economic case of the investments and how they’re going to matter to real people across the country, but particularly here in New Hampshire. And how clean water, access to the internet, rebuilding bridges and everything in this bill matters to individual lives of real people. This is not something abstract.

Folks, it’s not hyperbole to say that your delegation is laser focused on your needs, the people of New Hampshire, the concerns that are discussed around our kitchen tables. This isn’t esoteric. This isn’t some gigantic bill. It is, but it’s about what happens to ordinary people. Conversations around those kitchen tables that are both profound as they are ordinary. How do I cross the bridge in the snowstorm? What happened?

No, think about it. You’re in a situation. What happens when the bridge collapses and there’s a fire on the other side? It’s going to take 10 miles longer to get to the fire. People could die. I mean, this is real. This is real stuff. What does it mean if a school bus or water treatment trucks or logging trucks can’t cross? It means jobs. It means time. It means energy. More broadly, how do we emerge in this pandemic, not just with a little breathing room, but a real fighting chance to get ahead? Those are the things that take place at the kitchen tables where I grew up and where all of you were, where everybody’s living. And Maggie, Jeanne, Annie and Chris and me, we all ran for office to help answer those questions, the questions at the kitchen table.

I used to get kidded because I spent so much time commuting every day between Wilmington, Delaware, after my wife and daughter were killed, back to Washington every single day, 260 miles a day. I’d ride home and I’d look out the window, this is the God’s truth, just outside of Washington. And I’d go through stretch of residential neighborhood and I could see the lights on in the kitchens and in the dining room. And I’d wonder, “What are they talking about? What are they thinking about?” Because that’s why I ran. That’s why these folks ran. It’s about building, they’re taking care of their legitimate needs, and to make sure democracy delivers for everybody.

We promised that we couldn’t just build back what we had before. We had to build back better. And that’s an environmental requirement. A highway gets washed out, you can’t build it back to what it was before, which to be the measure. You have to build a couple feet higher because even if we gain control of the climate, it’s not going to go back to what it was before. It’s not going to be that way.

And despite the cynics, Democrats and Republicans, we can work together. We can deliver real results. We can deliver real people results that are going to affect their lives. And we’re taking a monumental step forward and building back better for this nation.

My message to the people in New Hampshire is simple. It’s this, because of this delegation, New Hampshire and America are moving again. Your life is going to change for the better. And that’s literal. For example, the  bridge here I just walked across, opened in 1939, 82 years ago. This may not seem like a big bridge, but it saves lives and solves problems. Let me tell you why. Businesses depend on it, like the local propane company or the and gravel company or the logging trucks. Public services depend on it. School buses, wastewater trucks cross it every day.

It’s essential to Woodstock fire station about a quarter of a mile away. Without this bridge, as I said earlier, it’s a 10 mile detour just to get to the other side. And I know haven’t had a house burned down with my wife in it. She got safely, God willing, but having a significant portion of it burned, I can tell 10 minutes makes a hell of a difference. It makes a big difference. Folks, every mile counts, every minute counts in an emergency. And folks, this is a bridge that has been structurally deficient for years. I’m preaching to the choir, I know, but the fact is it used to be able to carry 40 ton trucks. Now the bridge is down to 20 ton restrictions. In a couple weeks, it’s going to be closed to put steel plates down and over the weekend for sections of this deck. That steel plate is basically like putting a bandaid on a major wound. This is going to make it bumpy for drivers, difficult for snow plows, and it’s still dangerous for bikers. And when that’s done, the bridge may need even more weight restrictions.

The state has already spent a quarter of a million dollars in band-aid repairs on this bridge alone. And right now there are 215 bridges in your state, 215 bridges deemed structurally unsafe in New Hampshire alone. Many of them are less trafficked bridges. They’re often overlooked when decisions are being made about where and how to invest and rebuild. But these bridges are essential in small towns, rural areas, farmers, and small businesses, like in my state of Delaware. You have about 700 miles of highway in New Hampshire that is listed in poor condition. Driving on these roads that need repair costs New Hampshire drivers an estimated extra $476 every year per person driving in gas and repairs and longer commute times. That’s $476 in hidden tax on New Hampshire drivers as a result of deteriorating infrastructure.

But thanks to the infrastructure law, we’re going to make the most significant investment to modernize our roads and our bridges in 70 years. Law is going to speed up replacement of bridges by at least a year and allow New Hampshire to invest in other critical infrastructure needs. Thanks to the congressional delegation, this law also represents the most significant investment in passenger rail in 50 years in public transit ever. Here in New Hampshire, that means replacing about one third of the transit vehicles, buses and the like, that are past their useful life. And what it means, you’ll be safer to get to where you’re going faster and you’ll save money. And this means jobs, jobs for folks making these upgrades. It’s estimated it’ll create up to two million jobs a year and up to 16 million jobs nationwide, good paying jobs, union jobs, jobs you can raise a family on, jobs that can’t be outsourced.

And that’s not all. The bipartisan bill is going to mobilize our ports and our airports and freight rail to make it easier for companies to get goods to market, reduce supply chain bottom like we’re experiencing now. I just had to convince the ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles where 40% of all products come into the Western United States to stay open seven days a week, 24 hours a day because they’re backing up ships and container vessels for miles and miles and miles, hundreds of them. And that’s the reason why you don’t have things on the shelves. Why? Because people are dying of COVID in the Western part of the Pacific making the products that we’re in fact buying here in the United States of America, or the products that go into the products we buy.

Folks, we’re going to lower cost for you and your families. This congressional delegation, we’re going to start by replacing 100% of the lead water pipes and service lines in the United States and address PFOS as a dangerous forever chemical that is a threat to drinking water here in New Hampshire. Every American, every child should be able to turn on the faucet and drink clean water, which will also create thousands of good paying job for plumbers and pipe fitters replacing these pipes.

In Every meeting about this law, this delegation made clear that high speed internet is as essential as clean water and electricity. I don’t know how many times y’all told me that, but I think I already knew it, but you didn’t let me forget it. And now, not just in New Hampshire for New Hampshire families, but New Hampshire businesses as well. Today one in every 10 New Hampshire households doesn’t have internet subscriptions. And a lot of places, there’s no broadband infrastructure at all. And the law is going to make high speed internet affordable and available everywhere in New Hampshire, urban, suburban, rural. It’s going to create jobs laying down those broadband lines. In the 21st century America, no parent, no parents should ever sit in a parking lot of a fast food restaurant to connect to the internet so that kids can do their homework or they can get their job assignment. Really, think about it.

This law also builds on our resilience to extreme weather. Southwestern New Hampshire, there have been 200 year storms in recent years. Hurricane Irene hit New Hampshire really hard, and you all know that every winter power will go out from ice storms. Well, from 2010 to 2020, extreme weather events cost New Hampshire $500 million in damages. Nationwide, extreme weather events cost this year, this year $99 billion in damages. I can tell you because I flew over almost all of it. More fires in the west burned to the ground homes, businesses and forest than the entire state of New Jersey from Cape May to New York city. This is the United States of America for God’s sake. And why is it happening? Well, the severe storms that are knocking down all the wires… Anyways, there’s a lot going on. This law builds back bridges, our water systems, our power lines, our grids, and for better and stronger resilience. So fewer Americans are going to be flooded out of their homes, lose power for days and weeks after storms hit.

Look, there’s much more to this law, but most of all, this law does something else that’s truly historic. Maggie, Jeanne, Annie, Chris, we understand that it is time to rebuild the backbone of this nation. It’s the reason why I ran. I left politics. I had no intention of running again until I really got upset when I saw those folks coming out of that field down in Virginia, carrying swastikas and torches and white supremacists. But you know what else that really angered me? Take a look at what’s happened over the last 20 years. The backbone of this nation has been hollowed out. Hard working middle class folks. If I hear one more person tell me how Wall Street built America, I think I’m going to… Anyway.

But seriously, the middle class built, built, built this country and they’ve been left out. Trickle down economics does not work. To rebuild the economy from the bottom up and the middle out is what I wanted to do. Of the listed billionaires in America, you know how much money they made in the last four years? $1 trillion. I’m a capitalist. You want to be a billionaire and a millionaire? That’s great. Good for you. But pay your fair share. 550 corporations in the Fortune 500. Guess what? I misspoke. 55 corporations of the Fortune 500 made $40 billion last year. Did not pay one single penny in taxes. Who pays it? Y’all pay it, as they say in Southern [inaudible 00:18:31 . Y’all do. For real. Think about it. And so that’s why this bill is paid for.

Look, it’s a long over due promise. It creates better jobs for millions of Americans. And I’m going to be clear, especially here in New Hampshire. No one earning in America less than $400,000 will pay a single solitary extra penny in federal taxes. I wouldn’t even let the bipartisan commission include gas tax in this bill, because that would mean people, working folks would be paying more money. Look, this law is a blue collar blueprint to rebuild America. It leaves nobody behind.

Now our focus moves on to implementing this infrastructure law, and it was some speed and discipline. I asked the former mayor of New Orleans and former Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana, Mitch Landrieu. Where are you, Mitch? Right there. By the way, Mitch loves the cold and snow. Mitch is going to do what I had responsibility to do with the Recovery Act. I was asked by the president to make sure the $900 billion that was being spent was in fact used well. Well, guess what? We spent all that money. We rebuilt a whole awful lot of things. And less than one tenth of 1% waste or fraud. That’s going to be Mitch’s job, making sure that everything gets out and it goes where it’s supposed to go.

Look, we’re at an inflection point in American history. This law meets that point. For most of the 20th century, we led the world by significant margin because we invested in ourselves. But somewhere along the way, we stopped investing in ourselves. We’ve risked losing our edge as a nation and China and the rest of the world are catching up, in some cases, passing us. Our infrastructure used to be rated the best in the world. Nos this is not a joke, the best in the world. According to the World Economic Forum, we now rank 13th in the world in terms of infrastructure. Well, we’re about to turn things around in a big way. For example, because of this law, next year will be the first year in 20 years that American infrastructure investment will grow faster than China’s for example. And we’ll once again have the best roads, bridges, ports, and airports, and we’ve building it again and we move it again.

Folks, when you see these projects start in your hometowns, I want you to fuel what I feel. Pride. Pride in what we can do together as the United States of America. I think the same goes if you’re… I don’t want to get into detail because you’re going to be freezing, but my plan to build back better for our people, getting folks back to work and reducing the cost of things like childcare, elder care, housing, healthcare, prescription drugs. 14 Nobel laureates in economics said it’ll actually bring down the cost, it will reduce the deficit and it will be totally paid for, and it’s going to reduce inflation and to meet the moment of climate change as well. The leadership of this delegation, I’m confident that the House is going to pass this bill. And when it passes, it’ll go to the Senate. I think we’ll get it passed within a week. And it’s fully paid. It’ll reduce the deficit over the long term, as I said. And again, no one making less than 400 grand will pay a single penny more in federal taxes.

Let me close with this. Throughout our history. We’ve emerged from crisis by investing in ourselves. During the Civil war, we built the transcontinental railroad, uniting and connecting the East and West coast, uniting America. During the Cold War, we built the interstate highway system, transforming how Americans live, where they’re able to live. And now as we work to put the COVID-19 pandemic behind us, we will build an economy of the 21st century. It matters.

Last night, I had an important virtual meeting for three and a half hours with the President of China, Xi Jinping. Years ago when I was Vice President, he asked me when we were near the Tibetan Plateau, he asked me if I met with him more than any other world leader has. And he asked me if I could define America for him. This is a God true story. And I looked at him and I said, yes, I can. In one word, possibilities. Think about it. Of all the nations in the world, we’re the only one, the only nation I can think of that has come out of crisis stronger than we went into it.

In America, we’ve always believed anything is possible. Anything is possible. We’ve got to reestablish that spirit. We’ve got to reestablish that sense of who we are. There’s no limit to what our people can do. There’s no limit to what our nation can do. If you think about this thing, it’s never been a good bet to bet against America. Every world leader I meet with, and he starts on me, I said it’s never been a good bet. Never. Give Americans half a chance, ordinary Americans half a chance. They have never ever, ever, ever let their country down. Not once.

Because of Maggie and Jeanne and Annie and Chris, this new law gives our people a real chance. It gives us a real chance. It gives everybody a chance. And that’s why I truly believe that 50 years from now, when historians write about this moment, I think they’re going to talk about this was the beginning of the time where America recaptured the competition of the 21st century. We reasserted ourselves. That’s exactly what we’re going to do, what we can do, what we will do, I promise you. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you for your time. Thank you..

Thank you.

.

Good afternoon. Please, all be seated, please. Madam Secretary, Deb, you’ve done an incredible job in a short amount of time. I told you when I asked you to be Secretary of Interior that I understood I was politically raised by  Indian nations, Indian nations. I want to thank all the leaders that are here today for your support, your help getting this done. It’s really, really important. I want to thank Brenda, the Council of Environmental Quality, and Gina McCarthy. If you need any translation, talk to me after. Gina, you’re the best. You’re the best. I want you to know although he didn’t speak today, we want to thank my buddy Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture, for being here today, because he’s about preservation.

Maria, Senator Cantwell, thank you for your really hard, consistent, unrelenting work on these issues. I also want to thank Michael Bennett the same way. He’s been in this and ever from the moment he got elected has been pushing hard. Rubin, I want to thank you, Congressman Gallego, for the work you’ve done and continue to do. I really mean it.

This may be the easiest thing I’ve ever done so far as President. I mean it. I mean it. I’ve got to tell you a quick story. When I was running for office, and I’m embarrassed I can’t remember exactly which state I was in, but a gentleman and I think it was his wife and a little girl said … The little girl said, “Can I talk to you?” She had this … I couldn’t understand what she had in her hand. It looked like a teddy bear. She said, “Can I talk to you, Mr.?” She wasn’t sure what to call me, because I wasn’t elected yet. “Mr. President or Mr. Vice President.” I said, “Sure. What’s the matter, honey?”

She said, “I want to give you something. I want to give you some bear’s ears.” I looked at her, and she gave me this little set of bear’s ears. She said, “You’ve got to promise me. You’ve got to promise me you’ll protect the bear’s ears.” I’m thinking, “What the heck?” I mean, at the time I knew bears, but I just didn’t quite get it. Her dad said, “A national park.” I said, “Oh, yeah.” She went and looked. She said, “You promise? You promise?” I promised, and it’s the easiest promise that I’ve made in a long time.

I’m grateful to the tribal nation leaders and both those who are here with us today and those are unable to join us. Today I’m proud to announce the protection and expansion of three of the most treasured national monuments, our most treasured based on powers granted to the president under the Antiquities Act first used more than a century ago by Teddy Roosevelt.

First, Bears Ears National Monument in Utah. This is the first national monument in the country to be established at the request of federally recognized tribes and a place of healing, as was spoken by the secretary, a place of reverence, a sacred homeland to hundreds of generations of Native peoples. The last administration reduced the size by 85%, leaving vulnerable more than one million acres of cherished landscape. Today I will shortly be signing a proclamation to fully restore the boundaries of Bears Ears.

Second, I’m restoring Utah’s Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, a place of unique and extraordinary geology as well as biodiversity established as a national monument 25 years ago this month. Over the last quarter century, this land has produced a significant scientific discoveries per acre, more than any other national monument, everything from fossils to ancient Indigenous artifacts. Once again, the last administration cut the size of the monument nearly in half, stripping away more than 800,000 protected acres. Today I’m signing a proclamation to restore it to its full glory.

Third, off the coast of New England, I’m restoring protection of the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument, waters teaming with life with underwater canyons as deep as parts of the Grand Canyon and underwater mountains as tall as the Appalachians. There’s nothing like it in the world, because its unique biodiversity, marine scientists believe that this is a key to understanding life under the sea. President Obama established it as a national monument five years ago, recognizing its irreplaceable value. Again, my predecessor chipped away at its protections. The proclamation I’ll be signing today is going to restore protections established by President Obama when this monument was first created. Excuse me.

The protection of public lands must become, must not become, I should say, a pendulum that swings back and forth depending on who’s in public office. It’s not a partisan issue, and I want to thank the members of Congress for coming together to support this important conservation work. By the way, I might add as a matter of courtesy, I spoke with both the senators from Utah. They didn’t agree with what I was doing, but they were gracious and polite about it, and I appreciate that as well.

Truth is, national monuments and parks are part of our identity as a people. They are more than natural wonders. They’re the birthright we pass from generation to generation, a birthright of every American. Preserving them is a fulfillment of a promise to our children and all those who will come to leave this world a little better than we found it. But today our children are three times more likely to see climate disasters uproot and unsettle their lives than their grandparents generation. We have to come together and understand why this work is so critical.

When we’re protecting care for a forest, we’re not just preserving the majesty of nature. We’re safeguarding water sources and lessening the impact of fires. Excuse me, and the impact of fires. We’re protecting wetlands. We’re not only saving birds and fish and the livelihoods of people that depend on them. We’re also shoring up the natural defenses to absorb the fury of hurricanes and super storms. Nearly one in three Americans live in a community that has been struck by weather disasters just in the last few months, hurricanes, wildfires, droughts, heat waves. Both the Build Back Better plan and my bipartisan infrastructure are going to make critical investments, significantly increasing the resilience to these devastating effects on the climate crisis.

It includes creation of a Civilian Climate Corps, similar to President Franklin Roosevelt’s Conservation Corps. It’s going to put diverse groups of Americans to work doing everything from restoring wetlands to protecting clean water to making forests more resilient against wildfires. My plan also puts Americans on a course to achieve 50 to 52% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and to reach net zero emissions no later than 2050. Achieving these ambitious goals is going to require that nature itself play a role.

Scientists estimate that the protection and restoration of natural lands and waters can provide nearly 40% of the solutions to climate change. That’s why I’m signing these proclamations today as an additional reason. It’s also why I’m restoring protections for the Tongass National Forest in Alaska, which I’ve had the great honor to visit. As a matter of fact, when I was meeting with … Back in the days when the Senator from Alaska, I was with him after the oil spill on the North Slope, and we stopped in the Tongass Forest. He sat me at a table in this magnificent restaurant in the middle of the Tongass Forest, which has tree trunks as big as those trees holding up the whole building. It’s magnificent.

He sat me with what I kidding call Hoss Cartwright and his family, four big guys, really big, big guys. They had a lumber company that they were foresting the area, and they wanted me to support paying for roads into the national forest so they could forest. We started the conversation. To make a long story short, when I made it clear I wasn’t going to do that, a father turned to his son, who looked like that program, Hoss Cartwright, big fella. He said, “I’ll bet” … I won’t use the exact language. He turned to me. I’m across the table, and it’s just got he and three of his sons. He said, “I’ll bet this so-and-so,” referring to me, expletive deleted, “doesn’t realize he’s closer to Lexington, Kentucky today than he was when he just flew off the North Slope.” It made the point to me. Alaska’s pretty big. There’s an awful lot we need to protect.

But that’s why I’m working to protect Bristol Bay from mining operations that would threaten one of the world’s largest salmon runs. That’s why I’m refusing to sell off the Arctic National Wildlife reserve to oil and gas. These protections provide a bridge to our past, but they also build a bridge to a safer, more sustainable future, one where we strengthen our economy and pass on a healthy planet to our children and our grandchildren.

Let me close with this. Edward Abbey, a writer who once worked as a ranger at the Arches National Park in Utah, wrote, and I quote, “This is the most beautiful place on Earth. There are many such places. Every man, every woman carries in heart and mind the image of the ideal place, the right place, the one true home, known or unknown, actual or visionary.” Folks, that’s the United States of America. That’s America, a country we all share together, a country that we must protect together. This is just one more step in doing what other presidents have done, starting with Teddy Roosevelt. I’m now going to sign these proclamations, and thank you all. Thank you all for your support. Thank you. Come on.

All right. First one I’m signing is Grand Staircase.

All right. The second one I’m signing is Bears Ears.

Wish I could remember that little girl’s name. I hope she’s watching.

Oh, it’s important to me. You guys know it better than anybody. All right. Here we go. I’m going to get you all a pen.

The third one I’m signing is the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument. . Go on. Somebody grab one that doesn’t have one.

Next one. Next one. Next one.

Thank you. Next one.

I’m going to keep going here. How many more? ?

. Okay. Two more. Barack used to be able to do this. It’d say Barack Obama. He didn’t always have the two pens.

One more. If I don’t have enough pens …

Everybody get one?

All right. Thank you. Thank you all very much..

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Heather. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you.

Heather, you thought you’re surprised you’re standing here, Jill was very surprised I’m standing here. Well, Heather, thank you for the introduction. And I can’t look over here because the sun shinning in my eyes, but all this other crowd over here, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, for all you’ve done.

Look, thanks for sharing this day with us. Why this day matters to you and your fellow iron workers and your families, and you explained it well. For all the folks at home, I know this day matters to you as well. I know you’re tired of the bickering in Washington, frustrated by the negativity, and you just want us to use and focus on your needs, your concern and the conversations that are taking place at your kitchen table. Conversation as profound as they are ordinary, how do I find work? And how do I get there? How can our small business thrive and our child succeed in school? Or how do we emerge from this pandemic, not with just a little bit of breathing room, but with real fighting chance to get ahead?

When we ran for president, I thought maybe I could help answer some of those questions for you and the needs you have, because every time I’d ride home on Amtrak, I’d go through just south of Baltimore, I’d look out and go through a suburban neighborhood, I’d look in all those lights on in the windows, Nance, and I look and I wonder, what are they talking about? I’m serious. Swear to God. What are they talking about sitting at that table? What are they talking about? They’re talking about the things that I talked about at our kitchen table, Jill at hers, and all of you as well. And that’s about how can we come together. To be president for all Americans to make sure our democracy delivers for you for all of you, and I promised that we couldn’t just bill back to what it was before we literally had to build back better. We’re the only country that’s always come out of great crises stronger than we went in. And the world has changed and we have to be ready. My fellow Americas today I want you to know, we hear you and we see you.

The bill I’m about to sign to law is proof that despite the cynics Democrats and Republicans can come together and deliver results. We can do this. We can deliver real results for real people, we see in ways that really matter each and every day to each person out there. And we’re taking a monumental step forward to build back better as a nation.

I want to thank everyone who helped make this happen. Vice President Harris, my cabinet members, my White House team, Jill, Doug, our First Lady and our second husband. No, I’m joking. These guys travel all over the country together, I’m getting worried, and Doug’s one hell of a lawyer besides. And everybody from the United States Senate, Majority Leader Schumer, and a group of Senate Democrats, Republicans who established this bipartisan framework, including representatives and all the folks you heard from, Senator Rob Portman is a really hell of a good guy. I’m not hurting you Rob because I know you’re not running yet, that’s the only reason I say, but you are a hell of a good guy. And the most determined woman I know Senator Kyrsten Sinema, congratulations Krysten.

Look, Committee Chair Tom Carper, Ranking Member Shelley Moore Capito, I also want to thank Minority Leader Mitch McConnell for voting for this bill and talking about how useful and important it is. And from the House of Representatives, Speaker Pelosi, Steny Hoyer, Jim Clyburn and Committee Chair Peter DeFazio, Democrats and Republicans, Progressives and Moderates, I’d like to pause and ask all the committee chairs and ranking members of the United States Senate and House that are here today please stand, will all you stand. Come on. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. To state the obvious, none of this would’ve happened without all of you. I really mean it. And also to the governors, where are the governors? Governors stand up. Come on. I want you to stand up. Red states, blue states, y’all contacted me, y’all said you were four of this, you all stepped up. And more than 375 mayors, Democrats and Republicans from every state and District of Columbia, wrote me asking to get this done. You got it kid. In nearly 50 of whom are here today, including Republican Mayor Fontana, from Fontana, California, Mayor Warren, who spoke earlier. And the county and state and tribal leaders as well. Civil rights leaders, faith leaders.

This law was supported by business groups. The US Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Business Roundtable, representing 200 of the largest corporations in America and other top business. And I want to especially thank, and I’m sure you’ll all as we used to say in the Senate, I stand point of personal privilege, I want to thank organized labor who understands this is about jobs. You all stood up. Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs. Special thanks to the AFL CIO, the United Auto Workers, electric workers, the IBW, the iron workers, it goes on, plumbers, pipe fitters, and the building trades, steel workers… Who I leave out? Pardon me. And my wife is a member of a union, the NEA. I’ve going to get in trouble. Machinists, so many more.

Look folks, for too long we’ve talked about having the best economy in the world. We’ve talked about asserting American leadership around the world with the best and the safest roads, railroads, ports, airports. Here in Washington, we’ve heard countless speeches and promises and white papers from experts. But today, we’re finally getting this done. So my message to the America people is this, America’s moving again. And your life is going to change for the better. If you live in one of the 10 million homes, or you’re a child who attends one of the 400,000 schools or childcare centers that still has lead pipes in them, you face a clear and present danger to your child’s health and your health now. This law is going to start to replace 100% of the nation’s lead pipes and service lines, so every American, every child, can turn on the fallen and drink clean water and tens of thousands of plumbers and fight fitters are going to get work done and good paying jobs.

Folks, as we saw with remote learning, remote working, during the pandemic access to high speed internet is as essential as access to water and electricity. This law is going to make high speed internet affordable, available everywhere, everywhere in America, urban, suburban, rural, and create jobs laying down those broadband lines. Excuse me. No parent should have to sit in a parking lot at a fast food restaurant again, just so their child can use the internet to do their homework, that’s over. And folks, if I visited your town I’m sure you’d be able to tell me where you hold your breath as you cross the particular bridge or where the most dangerous intersection in your town is. This law makes us the most significant investment in roads and bridges in the past 70 years. It makes the most significant investment in passenger rail in the past 50 years and in public transit ever.

So, what that means is you’re going to be safer and you’re going to get there faster, and we’re going to have a whole hell of a lot less pollution in the air. The bipartisan law will modernize our ports, our airports, our freight rail, to make it easier for companies to get goods to market, reduce supply chain bottlenecks, as we’ve experiencing now, and lower cost for you and your family. The law also builds on our resilience so that the next storm, super storm, drought, wildfire, hurricane, can be dealt with. Last year alone, the United States, as a consequence of these-

Last year alone, the United States, as a consequence of these kind of extreme weather events lost $99 billion in the United States alone in damage. After Hurricane Ida, I see the distinguished governor from Louisiana’s over there. I saw him stand up. I went down to see him. We went through and saw the damage there. They had 179 mile an hour winds at top speed in Louisiana, but then I headed on up to New York. Chuck, up in your area in the Queens, in New Jersey. More people died there than in the hurricane. More people died in the flooding. Record wildfires raged. I went to Idaho and California and saw it. More land is burning the ground than the entire state of New Jersey out west. Folks, walk the neighborhoods and looked at people in the eye, in these circumstances, as many of you have, and you’ll see the despair and the heartache.

So many of you understand. You’re living through it. This law builds back our bridges, our water systems, our power lines, our levies, better and stronger so fewwe Americans will be flooded out of their homes or lose power those days and weeks as a consequence of the storms that hit.

Folks, this bipartisan law for the first time ever creates a true national network of charging stations for electric vehicles, over 500,000. So you can charge your car here and drive all the way to California, not worrying about having to find places to charge. Creating thousands of jobs, thousands. It was also going to make it possible for Americans to get off the sidelines and into the game of manufacturing. Solar panels, wind turbines, batteries to store energy and power for electric vehicles, including electric school buses, which will mean millions of children will no longer inhale the dangerous diesel fumes that come out of the buses. For real, it’s a big deal. And it’ll reward companies for paying good wages and for buying America and sourcing their products here in America right now. It’s going to help the United States export clean energy technologies to the world, creating tens of thousands of more jobs. There’s so much more in the law, but most of all, it does something truly historic. A ren for president, believing it was time to rebuild the backbone of this nation, which I characterize as working people in the middle class. They’re the ones who built the country. And to rebuild the economy from the bottom up in the middle out, this law delivers on that long overdue promise in my view.

It creates better jobs for millions of Americans and no one, no one earning less than $400,000 a year will pay a single penny in federal taxes because of it. And it does not include, as we did the bipartisan infrastructure, but it does not include a single penny in gas tax, which I rejected because people under $400,000 would be paying it.

This law is a blue collar blueprint to rebuild America. It leaves no one behind and it marks an inflection point that we face as a nation. For most of the 20th century we led the world by significant margin because we invested in ourselves. But somewhere along the way, we stopped investing on ourselves. We risk losing our edge as a nation and China and the rest of the world are catching up. Our infrastructure used to be rated the best in the world. Now, according to the world economic form, we ranked 13th in the world. Well, that’s about to change. Things are going to turn around in a big way.

For example, because of this law next year will be the first year in 20 years American infrastructure investment will grow faster than China’s. We’ll once again have the best roads, bridges, ports, and airports over the next decade. It will lead the world into the 2020 first century with modern cars and trucks and transit systems. We’re going to do this by building again and moving again. Folks, too often in Washington, the reason we didn’t get things done is because we insist on getting everything we want, everything. With this law, we focus on getting things done. I ran for president because the only way to move this country forward in my view was through compromise and consensus. That’s how the system works. That’s American democracy and I’m going to be signing a law that is truly consequential because we were made our democracy delivered for the American people.

We compromised. We reached the consensus. That’s necessary, and now our focus moves to implementing an infrastructure law that’s going with speed and with discipline, I have a lot of experience in doing that. When I was vice president, I was given responsibility for overseeing and implementing the Recovery Act for nearly $900 billion emergency package. I’m proud to say that when we finished implementing that Recovery Act, it was determined that there had been less than two tenths of 1% waste, fraud, or abuse. And it was how I learned and earned the nickname, Sheriff Joe from President Obama, because I made it a point every single day for well over a year to stay on top of how the money was being used.

I spoke with over 160 mayors, two, three times sometimes, and I spoke with county executives and every governor save one. I won’t mention that. And save one. She could see Alaska from reports, but monitor what we’re doing. That’s just how it was being done. And it was one of the most efficient implement of a major program in American history. And now we owe it to the American people do the same thing again. And to make sure every penny is spent where it’s supposed to go in a timely fashion I’ve asked the former mayor of New Orleans and former Lieutenant governor of Louisiana, Mitch Lander, to oversee this responsibility. He’ll have full access to every tool the federal government has and to get it done. And we have the high obligation and responsibility to make sure this money is used wisely and used well. Folks, I’ve been looking forward to this day for a long time like all of my colleagues here have. Tomorrow, I’ll be traveling to New Hampshire to visit a bridge that is structurally not safe, like thousands of bridges across America. That’s what this law is all about. Keeping communities safer and more efficient. On Wednesday, I’ll be in Detroit to meet with the UAW workers who are building the next generation of electric vehicles. And that’s just the beginning. You’ll be seeing me, the Vice President Harris, Jill and Doug, cabinet officials hitting the road to help you understand how this is going to transform your lives for the better.

And folks, when you see those projects starting in your hometowns, I want you to feel what I fee, pride. Pride in what we can do together as the United States of America. Folks, the same goes for my plan to build back better for the people, getting folks back to work and reducing cost of things like childcare, elder care, housing, healthcare, prescription drugs, and meeting the moment on climate change. I’m confident that the House will pass this bill and then we’re going to have to pass it in the Senate and that’s fully paid for. It will reduce the deficit over long term, according to leading economists in the world. And again, no one earning less than $400,000 will pay a single penny more in federal taxes. And together, together with the infrastructure bill millions of lives will be changed for the better.

Folks, Let me close with this. Throughout our history, we’ve emerged from crises by investing in ourselves. During and after the Civil War has been referenced. We built the transcontinental railroad uniting east and west and uniting America. During the Cold War, we built the interstate highway system transforming how America lived their lives. And now we’re emerging from COVID-19 pandemic and we’ll build an economy for the 21st century.

When I met with the president of China, who I’m going to be speaking with tonight several years ago, he asked me when we were in China. He asked me, he said, could I define America? And I said, absolutely. That’s the God’s truth. I said, absolutely. I can define it in one word, possibilities. Possibilities. There is no limit to what our people think we can do. And there is no limit to what our nation can do. And there is no one thing that I know more than this.

It’s never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people. Never, never, never. Given half a chance, the American people have never, ever, ever let this nation down. And it’s our job to give our people that chance. It’s our job to come together and make sure we remain a nation of possibilities. As I look out at this crowd today, I see Democrats and Republicans, national leaders, local leaders, all elected officials, labor leaders, business leaders. And most of all, I see fellow Americans. I see America. Let’s remember this day. Let’s remember we can come together. Most of all, let’s remember what we’ve got done for the American people when we do come together.

I truly believe that 50 years from now, historians are going to look back at this moment and say, that’s the moment America began to win the competition of the 21st century. So with confidence, optimism, with vision and faith in each other, let’s believe in possibilities. Let’s believe in one another. And let’s believe in America. God bless you all and make God protect our troops. Now, let me sign this bipartisan bill.

Good man.

Oh, my mask.

I tell you what, I know what you mean. It’s the only reason I did stop. Well, folks, I’m going to get you each a pen, but there’s 30 of you up here. I only got one pen.

All right.

Okay, here we go.

.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much, Julian. Governor, and I want to thank you as well for all you do know. And the IBW is one of the outfits, as they say in Claymont, Delaware,  brung me to the dance. And they’re the best in the world, and a really great seeing y’all working together.

Dr. Keller and the  Team. Thanks for welcoming me here. And Governor, it’s good to see you again, and your whole team. Lieutenant Governor Primavera, Attorney General, Secretary of State, you got Mayor Hancock. I think he’s here. He was here. I thought I saw him earlier today. I want to thank you for the welcome to Denver, and for making the trip out here. And to my friends in Congress, Chairman Baker, thank you for being here. My team, we have Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm, who I always say, were she born in America and not Canada, she’d be standing here as president, but she’s doing a heck of a job for me, and for the country, and a proud electric car driver as well. And also a former Secretary and former Mayor of Denver, Frederica Pena, a good friend of mine whose here, there you go Fred, good to see you, pal.

While I couldn’t be here. I wanted to mention that the Senator and my nominee for ambassador to Mexico is Ken Salazar. And I’m glad to see Congressman  and . I want to thank you all. You have other places to be, I know, and three good friends who wanted to be here in Washington today right now. And so, there’s a lot in Senator Bennett and Hickenlooper, and Congressman , they’re all in Washington, doing what they have to do. When you look at who you’ve heard from, it’s clear whether you’re an engineer or at a lab bench or an IBW worker, working on a turbine. When you work for a power company or a small construction business, everyone has a role to play. And everyone is building a clean energy future, and a stronger economy, because that’s what it’s about. And we need everyone’s contributions. We need everyone’s contributions.

Yesterday, I saw firsthand the devastation of the Caldor fire in California, we flew over it in the helicopter. And the last two weeks I traveled Louisiana, New York and New Jersey, see the destruction from Hurricane Ida. More people killed in New York with flooding, 20 inches of rain and what’s happened up there, than were killed when 178 mile an hour winds hit Louisiana. Extreme weather as we’re seeing is only going to come more frequently, and with more ferocity, and we’re blinking code red as a nation, we really are. So far this year, nationwide there were 44,000 wildfires that have burned nearly 5.6 million acres. That’s the size of the entire state of New Jersey burned flat. They’ve caused billions of dollars in damage and forced tens of thousands of people to evacuate their homes and businesses.

And even if it’s not in your backyard, you feel the effects, as you mentioned earlier. You turn on the local weather in addition to the tide, and what the temperature is, and what the precipitation would be, you want to know what the smoke forecast is going to be. When parents fear letting their kid out to play outside it may trigger an asthma attack. You saw the vicious cycle this summer when heavy rains combined with the burn scar of 2020 Grizzly Creek fire. It resulted in mudslides, as it was pointed out that washed out an entire section of Interstate 70, adding hours of people’s drives, and cutting off a vital commercial artery.

The bottom line is: it’s everywhere. It’s everywhere. Communities that nearly one in three Americans call home have been struck by weather disasters in just the past few months. Hurricanes in the Gulf Coast and up the Eastern Seaboard, wildfires threatening throughout the west and tearing it apart. Droughts and heat waves across the country, devastating farmers, and ranchers, and draining the Colorado River. In addition to the loss lives, live shattered, extreme weather cost America last year, $99 billion. $99 billion extreme weather costs last year. And it’s going to break the record this year; it’s going to be well over $100 billion.

We know what the driver is: climate change. We know what’s causing climate change: human activity. This is no longer subject to debate. And I might add, windmills do not cause cancer. Look, we got to get real about what’s going on. I really mean think about it. The only debate is around what we do to confront this crisis, and that shouldn’t even be a debate. We have to invest in being more resilient because of the impacts of climate. The climate change is current today, not next year, not 10 years from now. And we have to make investments that are going to slow our contributions to climate change today, not tomorrow. And here’s the good news; something that is caused by humans can be solved by humans. I’ve set a course for the United States to achieve 50 to 52% reduction in greenhouse emissions by 2030. And for us to reach that net zero emissions in the economy, economy-wide across the board by 2050. As part of that, I set a goal of having our country produce 100% carbon pollution-free power by 2035. We can do that. We can do all of this in a way that creates good jobs, lowers cost to consumers and businesses. It makes us global leaders in an entirely new industry that other countries are really working hard to try to dominate.

I just toured the Renewable Energy Lab, which I hadn’t been here… Not the same lab, but I haven’t been here since 2011, which was started under President Carter, and expanded under President HW Bush leaders of both parties have recognized that clean energy future is an economic imperative, and a national security imperative, and an environmental imperative. That’s why my Build Back Better Plan calls for significant new investments and upgrading research infrastructures, laboratories all across the country. We’ll be making one of those breakthroughs in solar, wind and storage out of these facilities. Out-innovate the rest of the world, drive down the cost of renewable energy. Of course, we have to invest in the future, we need to deploy cutting edge technologies and we have to employ them today, not tomorrow.

I had a chance to see the state of your wind turbine testing and new battery technologies. Because of the years of work that have taken place here, and these technologies aren’t science fiction. They’re ready to be installed and scaled up across the country right now, by union members like the ones we heard from the day. And that’s what we’re going to do. As we just heard from the CEO of Excel Energy, they set a goal of producing 100% carbon emission free power. They’re the first major utility to set that goal. And today over 20 large facilities around the nation have set a similar goal. You led the way.

Today, one of every three Americans, those are the city or a state transitioning to clean energy, clean energy electricity. But folks, we have to pick up the pace. When I rejoined the Paris Climate Accord after we had been pulled out of it, the goal set when our last administration, the Obama-Biden administration, when that was set, they were set that we had more time. We don’t have the time now. The goals are different because the necessity is there. We don’t have a lot of time. We didn’t have much more than 10 years. For real. And this is a decisive decade. Already the price of solar generation in this country has dropped 80% over the past decade. 80%, the price of a wind turbine generation has dropped 55%. A lot is because of the investments we made in the Recovery Act back when I was Vice President. And today, renewables are now cheaper than fossil fuels in many parts of the country.

Now we need to take the next step of continuing to drive prices down and job creation up, because those renewable goals create demand for more wind turbines, and more solar installations, which means good jobs for workers like Julian and his union brothers and sisters. And you can see why I think the climate change, when I think of it, I think: jobs. I had a meeting with over 140 heads of state on Zoom and we hosted in out of the White House. And one of the things by the time I finished, everyone was talking about jobs. It’s not about costing jobs. Initially, as you remember, even you guys, I spent a lot of time before I announced my plan meeting with all of you to convince you all that this is the future. These are where the jobs are. When I say, “Jobs,” I’m not talking about $15 an hour. Am I not speaking loudly enough? I can see you having trouble hearing me back there. I’m talking about union jobs, not 15, 20 bucks an hour; 45, 50 bucks an hour. Benefits. That’s going to grow the country too. I’ve never seen the wealthy do poorly when the middle class does well, that’s never happened.

So to accelerate that process, we need to invest and innovate. We need a modern electric grid, one that is much higher capacity, more resilient transmission wires, and has more storage capacity. Using advanced batteries, so we can hold on to surplus energy generated when the sun’s not shining, and the wind’s not blowing. Right now, it’s going to rain. No. Right now, we’ve got transmission projects that could carry enough power for millions of homes, but they need catalytic investment to move to the construction phase. Our bipartisan infrastructure bill contains the largest federal investment in power transmission in our history. So that our grid is more reliable, we can carry more renewable energy, so we can create good union jobs building that new grid. We’re also making dramatic investments in public transit, electric buses, charging stations. In Denver, we’re going to help Mayor Hancock achieve his goal of reducing greenhouse gases in the city by 80%, it’s going to create jobs.

We know the local 68 Apprentice Center is busy training workers to be able to perform. And by the way, I’m bringing the automakers, including the Big Three and the UAW along, so we have more electric vehicles on the road, and fewer tailpipe emissions in the air. We’re going to cap thousands of abandoned oil wells and gas wells leaking methane, threatening public health and communities, and get paid the same price for capping them as it was the dig them. We’re going to provide support to make our communities, including tribal nations, much more resilient to the impacts of climate change. Every dollar we invest to floodproof a power station, install power lines underground, winterize a power plant, or to build an advanced turbines like the ones here, every dollar we spend save $6 down the road, because the next time a disaster strikes flooding is contained, the fire doesn’t spread as widely, the power stays on.

And these investments can also save lives, save homes, and create good paying jobs for Americans to make our country stronger and more resilient. In fact, experts tell us that the bipartisan agreement we’ve reached in the American Infrastructure Bill will put 800,000 people to work. 800,000. Including plumbers, pipe fitters, electrical workers, steel workers. Modernizing roads, bridges, water systems, broadband systems, making high speed internet available to 85,000 Coloradoans who currently don’t have it. That’s what’s in the Infrastructure Bill. That’s already agreed to. And we’re negotiating right now from my plan to Build Back Better, which includes additional action to address climate crisis. It includes tax credits that will effectively cut the cost of building utility scale solar farms by 30%, shorten the time it takes for residential scale solar systems to pay for themselves in around eight years, and instead of eight in less than five years. Save consumers 1,250 bucks for electric vehicle like a Ford F-150. By the way, zero to 60 in 4.1, that’s a different… Help us reach the goal of half of new cars sold in America will be electric by 2030, saving billions of gallons of gasoline.

And I want to create a Civilian Climate Corp. I’ve been pushing that for a long time. Similar to the Conservation Corps that President Roosevelt created during the Great Depression, put a new generation of Americans to work, helping us connect and conserve our public lands, and become resilient in the process. Yesterday, I visited the National Interagency Fire Center in Idaho, where we coordinate our federal fire response to the wildfires. They told me that the Civilian Climate Corp would make an enormous difference by cleaning away combustible underbrush that enable fires and spread, by planting trees to fight climate change.

In the end, it’s not about red states or blue states. A drought or a fire doesn’t see a property line. It doesn’t give a damn for which party you belong to. Disasters aren’t going to stop. That’s the nature of the climate threat, but we know what we have to do. We just need to summon the courage and the creativity do it. Yes, we face a crisis. We face a crisis with an unprecedented opportunity; to create good jobs, to teach you to create industries of the future, to win the future, to save the planet. Ladies and gentleman, we can do this. This is the United States of America. There has never been a problem we faced, when we set our mind to deal with, that we haven’t been able to… I mean, it literally. Never have we failed to meet an objective we set. And what’s happening now with both the industry, government, unions, people around the country is that we set a goal, and the goal is achievable. And I promise you, I promise you, it’s going to create great economic growth, reduce inflation, and put people in a place where those beautiful children in the back are never going to have to worry about what we’re worrying about right now.

So thank you. Remember, there’s not a damn thing we’re unable to do in America when come together. Never, ever have we failed, and we’re not going to fail now because of all of you. Thank you for everything.

Thanks everybody. I really mean it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.… them standing up for me. No reason why they should either. They should be standing for Pat. Pat, he had a great speech. Thank you. Okay. Well, Vice-President Harris, the Attorney General Garland and Secretary Mayorkas, I want to thank you for your leadership and in a moment I’ll be signing the law three bills that extend critical support to our law enforcement and first responders and the communities they serve. I want to thank everyone who worked together to pass each of these bipartisan bills, emphasize bipartisan bills. Before I turn to the specific of the bills, I want to say that when you look at what our communities need, our law enforcement’s being asked to do, it’s going to require more resources, not fewer resources. That’s why my administration is investing in the community policing we know works, and the training and partnership the law enforcement and our communities have requested and in community-based programs and interventions that can stop violence before it starts.

Think about what we ask of police officers. We ask them to be everything from counselors to law enforcement officer, to the fit folks who have to take down the bad guy. I mean everything in between, and so just this morning, the Department of Justice released a significant new investment in community policing through community-oriented policing services. Everything has an acronym. It’s called COPS Program. These grants, which total nearly $140 million will go to 183 law enforcement agencies and allow them to fund over 1000 new law enforcement positions and to fund other initiatives to build legitimacy and trust in communities, to address gun violence and other violent crimes and to combat hate and domestic extremism, and to enhance the response to people in crisis. You know, in addition, this announcement along with the historic funding and the American Rescue Plan means communities have the resources now available for the community violence intervention, than more than they’ve ever had before.

We’re talking about programs like Violence Interrupters, who work as a compliment to police in identifying those most likely to be involved in gun violence, stopping it from happening to begin and put those at risk, who put those people at risk and put them on a better road to life. So, we get them, we divert them before they get into the bad stream to begin with, and I want to thank the folks in front of me for doing that. And I want to thank the attorney general, Attorney General Garland for leading these efforts as well. Today’s investment and the bills that I’m about to sign, share a goal of helping law enforcement officers and first responders be the protectors and the partners our communities need. The first bill I’ll sign is the COPS Counseling Act. The law is modeled after successful laws in Nevada, and I want to thank Senator Cortez Masto.

Thank you very much what you did as attorney general in Nevada and what you continue to do. My good friend, Senator Leahy, who’s been working on these things for a long time and Todd Young and Tom Tillis, representative David Trone and  Where, there you are. I was looking around, and I didn’t see you. I apologize. By the way, David worked closely with our special guest here today. Angela Bomba, widow of Montgomery County Police Officer Thomas Bomba, whose painful experience helped inspire this bill. Every day, our nation’s police officers answer the call and confront scenes that can take a toll on them as well and leave them traumatized. You know, it’s not fundamentally different than folks in the battlefield. Awful lot of people come home without any physical wounds, but come home with post-traumatic stress and responding to terrible incidences. Well, the same happens for our law enforce officers arriving in homicide scenes, handling child abuse cases.

As they confront these situations, they need some help. We need to help them recover from the invisible wounds that their work can inflict. These wounds are no different from wounds that I said our military encounters on the battlefield. According to one study, law enforcement officers are 54% more likely to die by suicide than the average American, because they’re under such enormous pressure. They see things none of us ever see. The vast majority of law enforcement officers tell us that peer support programs are the most helpful mental health resource there is, and that makes sense. If you hold just a second, it makes you, when you think about it, law enforcement, as well as the military, all taught to be stand on your own. Don’t ask for anything. You can do it. Just take care of yourself, and it’s an enormous burden we put on people and it’s really difficult, I’ve learned working so diligently with the military community.

It’s so hard to get them to say, “Hey, I need some help. I need some help.” I want you to know a wound that is imposed on your mind is no different than if you broke your arm or got shot in the leg. It’s the same thing. It’s the same thing. It deserves to be treated, and it deserves the respect that you, that goes along with that, because the strongest support and the best guidance often come from someone who has walked in their shoes. However, many officers don’t access peer support, because they have concerns about privacy and confidentiality, and only about half the states have confidentiality protections. But this bill, I want to thank the Congress for this, encourages first responders agencies to adapt peer counseling programs, require the Department of Justice to make the best practices and resources publicly available for people who want to become peer support mentors, and ensure confidentiality to federal law enforcement officers who use peer counseling services, with the only exception being admission of a criminal conduct and/or a threat of serious physical harm.

My hope is by giving more officers access to confidentiality and high-quality mental health resources, we’re reduce the stigma around seeking help and lead to better policing and prevent suicides. Put simply we’ll get more officers the help they need so they can better help their communities they serve. The next bill I’ll be signing is the Protect America’s First Responders Act. I want to thank Senator Gillibrand and thank you very much, and Bill, I want to thank you, Pascrell and Brian Fitzpatrick, Joe Courtney, they’re all near neighbors where I used to represent, for their leadership in supporting those who are disabled or killed from the service of the community. You know, when our nation’s firefighters, disaster relief workers, EMT, law enforcement officers, and other first responders respond to that radio alert, they run toward the danger while others are running away. They know there’s a risk of them getting injured or worse.

When they go to work each day, their families wait for that phone call that they’re going to get that phone call that something’s happened. Public Safety Officer’s Benefits Program was originally established to provide death benefits to officers who fall on the line of duty, so that if, God forbid, their family gets that call, they don’t also lose their house, their car and their left bereft in terms of economic capacity. It has since been expanded to provide disabilities and education benefits and increases the number of first responders who are eligible, including children born after the fact. So, it’s really important and Pat, you and I used to discuss this all the time in Judiciary 120 years ago here. But the truth is, now with over 1000 claims a year to review, the program has been slow and inconsistent when it comes reviewing claims and supporting first responders and families, including those who responded on 9/11. The law has to change.

You’re doing that. You’re changing the law to do that, and it’s going to make sure this program processes claims more quickly and speeds up payments, makes clear the public safety officers who are acting in an emergency situation, no matter the jurisdiction, are covered and broadly defines what it means to be permanently disabled. Before this law, first responders permanently disabled in the line of duty were only eligible for benefits programs if they could never again, perform any of the compensated work that they performed. Now, what you guys and women have changed is you allowed the disabled first responders who can’t do the work they have been trained for, but still can perform tasks and take on work that’s therapeutic for them, to do these jobs without losing the benefits, at the same time, getting both the pay and the benefit if it’s in a different area. There’s a line inscribed in the National Law Enforcement Officer Memorial.

You’ve all seen it many, many times. In valor, there is hope. In valor, there is hope. Well, as one of the leaders of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Foundation pointed out, this bill restores their sense of valor, and with that comes a lot of hope. The third and final bill I’ll sign is named Jaime Zapata and Victor, excuse me, Avila. I didn’t want to mispronounce it. I hope I pronounced it correctly because it’s important. Immigration and Custom Enforcement agents who have, were ambushed by a drug cartel hit man in Mexico in 2011. The assailants tried to pull agent Zapata from the driver’s seat of the vehicle and shooting him six times. Agent Avila, despite having been shot was able to push Zapata’s leg down on the accelerator and escape the attack. Unfortunately, Agent Zapata later died of his wounds. That tragedy was compounded by another tragedy, a miscarriage of justice. The murder convictions against the two killers responsible for the murder were overturned on appeal.

It was overturned because the law didn’t make clear that the Department of Justice can prosecute anyone who kills or attempts to kill a federal law enforcement officer outside the United States. Thankfully, the murderers remain in prison, being convicted of other incidents stemming from that same incident. But this bill is going to protect agents serving abroad and send a message to drug cartels, terrorists, and criminals, wherever they operate that if you attack our agents, you will not escape our justice. I want to thank Senator Coons and Senator Cornyn for that legislation. And Representative, excuse me, Henry  and Michael McCall, Steve Chabot, and other leaders for their leadership on this bill. In just a minute I’ll sign these bills and they’re good and important bipartisan bills.

But I want to thank the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the Fraternal Order of Police and the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Officers and other law enforcement organizations that have been constructive players in negotiating over meaningful police reform. So, I’m asking bipartisan leaders here today to come together with them as you’ve done before, to finally pass the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act, but that’s next. Now, I want to sign each of these bills. I want to, God bless you all and may God protect all our law enforcement officers and first responders throughout the nation. Thank you. I’m going to sign these bills.

By the way, it is a tradition when you sign the bill, you give the signing pen to the authors of the bill, but I don’t have that many pens with me. So, I’m going to make sure everyone will get a pen. Everyone will get a pen. I’m not trying to hoard the pens, guys. Okay. Hi. What’s your name? Nice to meet you. How old are your?

Seven years old. Well, you’re smart. What grade are you in?

First grade. Well, that’s great man. Thank you for being here. You okay? Maybe after this, I can show you the  White House. Do you want to see it? Okay. Okay. Here we go. All right. Okay.  Oh, I can read that. We got the same group up here? Don’t leave, okay? I’m going to see you afterwards.

All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Now we’ll sigh the third bill.

Thank you.Last night in Kabul, the United States ended 20 years of war in Afghanistan. The longest war in American history. We completed one of the biggest air lifts in history with more than 120,000 people evacuated to safety. That number is more than double what most experts felt were possible. No nation, no nation has ever done anything like it in all of history, and only United States had the capacity and the will and ability to do it. And we did it today.

The extraordinary success of this mission was due to the incredible skill, bravely and selfless courage to the United States military and our diplomats and intelligence professional. For weeks, they risked their lives to get American citizens, Afghans who helped us, citizens of our allies and partners and others onboard planes and out of the country. And they did it facing a crush of enormous crowds seeking to leave the country.

They did it knowing ISIS-K terrorists, sworn enemies of the Taliban, were lurking in the midst of those crowds. And still, the women and men of the United States military, our diplomatic corps and intelligence professionals did their job and did it well. Risking their lives, not for professional gains, but to serve others. Not in a mission of war, but in the mission of mercy.

Twenty service members were wounded in the service of this mission, thirteen heroes gave their lives. I was just at Dover Air Force Base for the dignified transfer. We owe them and their families a debt of gratitude we can never repay, but we should never, ever, ever forget.

In April, I made a decision to end this war. As part of that decision, we set the date of August 31st for American troops to withdraw. The assumption was that more than 300,000 Afghan National Security Forces that we had trained over the past two decades and equipped would be a strong adversary in their civil wars with the Taliban.

That assumption that the Afghan government would be able to hold on for a period of time beyond military draw down turned out not to be accurate. But, I still instructed our National Security Team to prepare for every eventuality, even that one, and that’s what we did.

So we were ready, when the Afghan Security Forces, after two decades of fighting for their country and losing thousands of their own, did not hold on as long as anyone expected. We were ready when they and the people of Afghanistan watched their own government collapse and the president flee amid the corruption of malfeasance, handing over the country to their enemy, the Taliban, and significantly increasing the risk to us personnel and our allies.

As a result, to safely extract American citizens before August 31st, as well as embassy personnel, allies, and partners, and those Afghans who had worked with us and fought alongside of us for 20 years, I had authorized 6,000 troops, American troops to Kabul to help secure the airport.

As General McKenzie said, this is the way the mission was designed. It was designed to operate under severe stress and attack and that’s what it did. Since March, we reached out 19 times to Americans in Afghanistan with multiple warnings and offers to help them leave Afghanistan. All the way back as far as March.

After we started the evacuation 17 days ago, we did initial outreach and analysis and identified around 5,000 Americans who had decided earlier to stay in Afghanistan but now wanted to leave. Our operation Allie Rescue ended up getting more than 5,500 Americans out. We got out thousands of citizens and diplomats from those countries that went into Afghanistan with us to get bin Laden. We got out locally employed staff in the United States Embassy and their families, totalling roughly 2,500 people. We got thousands of Afghan translators and interpreters and others who supported the United States out as well.

Now we believe that about 100 to 200 Americans remain in Afghanistan with some intention to leave. Most of those who remain are dual citizens, long time residents, but earlier decided to stay because of their family roots in Afghanistan. The bottom line, 90% of Americans in Afghanistan who wanted to leave were able to leave. And for those remaining Americans, there is no deadline. We remain committed to get them out if they want to come out.

Secretary of State Blinken is leading the continued diplomatic efforts to ensure safe passage for any American, Afghan partner or foreign national who wants to leave Afghanistan. In fact just yesterday, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution that sent a clear message about the international community expects the Taliban to deliver on moving forward. Notably, freedom of travel, freedom to leave.

Together we are joined by over 100 countries that are determined to make sure the Taliban upholds those commitments. It will include ongoing efforts in Afghanistan to reopen the airport as well as overland routes, allowing for continued departure for those who want to leave and deliver humanitarian assistance to the people of Afghanistan.

The Taliban has made public commitments broadcast on television and radio across Afghanistan on safe passage for anyone wanting to leave, including those who worked alongside Americans. We don’t take them by their word alone, but by their actions. And we have leverage to make sure those commitments are met.

Let me be clear, leaving August the 31st is not due to an arbitrary deadline. It was designed to save American lives. My predecessor, the Former President, signed an agreement with the Taliban to remove US troops by May the first, just months after I was inaugurated. It included no requirement that the Taliban work out a cooperative governing arrangement with the Afghan government. But it did authorize the release of 5,000 prisoners last year, including some of the Taliban’s top war commanders among those who just took control of Afghanistan.

By the time I came to office the Taliban was in it’s strongest military position since 2001, controlling or contesting nearly half of the country. The previous administration’s agreement said that if we stuck to the May 1st deadline that they had signed on to leave by, the Taliban wouldn’t attack any American forces. But if we stayed, all bets were off.

So we were left with a simple decision, either through on the commitment made by the last administration and leave Afghanistan, or say we weren’t leaving and commit another tens of thousands more troops going back to war. That was the choice, the real choice between leaving or escalating. I was not going to extend this forever war and I was not extending a forever exit.

The decision to end the military lift operation at that Kabul airport was based on the unanimous recommendation of my civilian and military advisors. The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint chiefs of Staff and all the Service chiefs and the commanders in the field, their recommendation was that the safest way to secure the passage of the remaining Americans and others out of the country was not to continue with 6,000 troops on the ground in harm’s way in Kabul, but rather to get them out through non-military means.

In the 17 days that we operated in Kabul, after the Taliban seized power, we engage in an around the clock effort to provide every American the opportunity to leave. Our State Department was working 24/7 contacting and talking, and in some cases walking Americans into the airport. Again, more than 5,500 Americans were airlifted out. And for those who remain, we will make arrangements to get them out if they so choose.

As for the Afghans, we and our partners have airlifted 100,000 of them, no country in history has done more to airlift out the residents of another country than we have done. We will continue to work to help more people leave the country who are at risk. We’re far from done.

For now, I urge all Americans to join me in grateful prayer for our troops and diplomats and intelligence officers who carried out this mission of mercy in Kabul at a tremendous risk with such unparalleled results. An air-lift that evacuated tens of thousands. To a network of volunteers and veterans who helped identify those needing evacuation, guide them to the airport and provided them for their support along the way. We’re going to continue to need their help. We need your help and I’m looking forward to meeting with you. And to everyone who is now offering or who will offer to welcome Afghan allies to their homes around the world, including in America, we thank you.

I take responsibility for the decision. Now some say we should have started mass evacuation sooner and, “Couldn’t this have been done in a more orderly manner?” I respectfully disagree. Imagine if we’d begun evacuations in June or July, bringing in thousands of American troops and evacuated more than 120,000 people in the middle of a civil war. There still would have been a rush to the airport, a breakdown in confidence and control of the government, and it still would have been a very difficult and dangerous mission.

The bottom line is there is no evacuation from the end of a war that you can run without the kinds of complexities, challenge and threats we faced. None. There are those who would say we should have stayed indefinitely, for years on end. They ask, “Why don’t we just keep doing what we were doing? Why do we have to change anything?” The fact is, everything had changed.

My predecessor had made a deal with the Taliban. When I came into office, we faced a deadline, May one. The Taliban onslaught was coming, we faced one of two choices. Follow the agreement of the previous administration, or extend to have more time for people to get out. Or send in thousands of more troops and escalate the war.

To those asking for a third decade of war in Afghanistan I ask, “What is of vital national interest?” In my view, we only have one. To make sure Afghanistan can never be used again to launch an attack on our homeland. Remember why we went to Afghanistan in the first place, because we were attacked by Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda on September 11th, 2001, and they were based in Afghanistan.

We delivered justice to bin Laden on May 2nd, 2011 over a decade ago. Al-Qaeda was decimated. I respectfully suggest you ask yourself this question, “If we’ve been attacked on September 11th, 2001 from Yemen, instead of Afghanistan, would we have ever gone to war in Afghanistan, even though the Tali bond controlled Afghanistan in the year 2001?” I believe the honest answer is no. That’s because we had no vital interest in Afghanistan other than to prevent an attack on America’s homeland and our friends, and that’s true today.

We succeeded in what we set out to do in Afghanistan over a decade ago, then we stayed for another decade. It was time to end this war. This is a new world. The terror threat has metastasized across the world, well beyond Afghanistan. We face threats from al-Shabab in Somalia, al-Qaeda affiliates in Syria and the Arabian Peninsula, and ISIS attempting to create a caliphate in Syria and Iraq and establishing affiliates across Africa and Asia.

The fundamental obligation of a president, in my opinion, is to defend and protect America. Not against threats of 2001, but against the threats of 2021 and tomorrow. That is the guiding principle behind my decisions about Afghanistan. I simply do not believe that the safety and security of America is enhanced by continuing to deploy thousands of American troops and spending billions of dollars a year in Afghanistan. But I also know that the threat from terrorism continues in its pernicious and evil nature. But it’s changed, expanded to other countries. Our strategy has to change too.

We will maintain the fight against terrorism in Afghanistan and other countries. We just don’t need to fight a ground war to do it. We have what’s called Over The Horizon capabilities, which means we can strike terrorists and targets without American boots on the ground, or very few if needed. We’ve shown that capacity just in the last week. We struck ISIS-K remotely, days after they murdered 13 of our service members and dozens of innocent Afghans. And to ISIS-K, we are not done with you yet.

As Commander in Chief I firmly believe the best path to guard our safety and our security lies in a tough, unforgiving, targeted, precise strategy that goes after terror where it is today, not where it was two decades ago. That’s what’s in our national interest.

Here’s a critical thing to understand, the world is changing. We’re engaged in a serious competition with China. We’re dealing with the challenges on multiple fronts with Russia. We’re confronted with cyber attacks and nuclear proliferation. We have to shore up America’s competitiveness to meet these new challenges in the competition for the 21st century. We can do both, fight terrorism and take on new threats that are here now, and will continue to be here in the future. And there’s nothing China or Russia would rather have, would want more in this competition than the United States to be bogged down another decade in Afghanistan.

As we turn the page on the foreign policy that has guided our nation in the last two decades, we’ve got to learn from our mistakes. To me there are two that are paramount. First, we must set missions with clear, achievable goals. Not ones we’ll never reach. And second, I want to stay clearly focused on the fundamental national security interest of the United States of America.

This decision about Afghanistan is not just about Afghanistan. It’s about ending an era of major military operations to remake other countries. We saw a mission of counter-terrorism in Afghanistan, getting the terrorist and stopping attacks, morph into a counterinsurgency, nation building, trying to create a democratic cohesive and United Afghanistan. Something that has never been done over many centuries of Afghan’s history.

Moving on from that mindset and those kinds of large scale troop deployments will make us stronger and more effective and safer at home. And for anyone who gets the wrong idea, let me say clearly, to those who wish America harm, to those engage in terrorism against us our allies know this, the United States will never rest. We will not forgive, will not forget. We’ll hunt you down to the ends of the earth and you will pay the ultimate price.

Let me be clear, we’ll continue to support the Afghan people through diplomacy, international influence and humanitarian aid. We’ll continue to push for regional diplomacy engagement to prevent violence and instability. We’ll continue to speak out for the basic rights of the Afghan people, especially women and girls. As we speak out for women and girls all around the globe.

And I’ve been clear that human rights will be the center of our foreign policy, but the way to do that is not through endless military deployments, but through diplomacy, economic tools and rallying the rest of the world for support.

My fellow Americans, the war in Afghanistan is now over. I’m the fourth president who has faced the issue of whether and when to end this war. When I was running for president, I made a commitment to the American people that I would end this war. Today, I’ve honored that commitment. It was time to be honest with the American people again.

We no longer had a clear purpose and an open-ended mission in Afghanistan. After 20 years of war in Afghanistan, I refuse to send another generation of America’s sons and daughters to fight a war should have ended long ago. After more than $2 trillion spent in Afghanistan, a cost that researchers at Brown University estimated would be over $300 million a day for 20 years in Afghanistan, for two decades.

Yes, the American people should hear this, $300 million a day for two decades. You could take the number of $1 trillion, as many say. That’s still $150 million a day for two decades. And what have we lost as a consequence in terms of opportunities? I refuse to continue to war that was no longer in the service of the vital national interest of our people.

And most of all, after 800,000 Americans served in Afghanistan, I’ve traveled that whole country, brave and honorable service. After 20,744 American service men and women injured. And the loss of 2,461 American personnel, including 13 lives lost just this week. I refused to open another decade of warfare in Afghanistan.

We’ve been a nation too long at war. If you’re 20 years old today, you’ve never known an America at peace. So when I hear that we could have, should have continued the so-called “low grade effort” in Afghanistan, at low risk to our service members, at low costs I don’t think enough people understand how much we’ve asked of the 1% of this country who put that uniform on. Willing to put their lives on the line in defense of our nation.

Maybe it’s because my deceased son, Beau, served in Iraq for a full year. Before that… Well. Maybe it’s because of what I’ve seen over the years as Senator, Vice President and President traveling in these countries. A lot of our veterans and our families have gone through hell. Deployment after deployment, months and years away from their families, missed birthdays, anniversaries, empty chairs at holidays, financial struggles, divorces, loss of limbs, traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress.

We see it in the struggles many have when they come home. We see it in the strain on their families and caregivers. We see it in the strain in their families when they’re not there. We see it in the grief born by their survivors. The cost of war, they will carry with them their whole lives. Most tragically, we see in the shocking and stunning statistic that should give pause to anyone who thinks war can ever be low grade, low risk or low cost, 18 veterans on average who die by suicide every single day in America.

Not in a far off place, but right here in America. There is nothing low grade or low risk or low cost about any war. It’s time to end the war in Afghanistan. As we close 20 years of war and strife and pain and sacrifice, it’s time to look at the future, not the past. To a future that’s safer, to a future that’s more secure. To a future the honors those who served and all those who gave what President Lincoln called, “Their last full measure of devotion.”

I give you my word, with all of my heart, I believe this is the right decision, a wise decision and the best decision for America. Thank you. Thank you, and may God bless you all. And may God protect our troops.Good morning. Sorry to keep you waiting, I was getting further updates. I spoke with Governor Hochul of New York and Governor Murphy of New Jersey, and I plan to speak with Governor Wolf of Pennsylvania after last night’s devastating storm and floods from Hurricane Ida, the fifth largest hurricane in our history. Record rain fell in these states and New York recorded more rain yesterday on the first day of September than it usually sees the entire month of September.

We saw more than three inches of rain per hour fall in Central Park. The United States National Weather Service issued a flood emergency in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, Staten Island, and parts of Long Island last night. This is the first time that such a warning has ever been issued for the city. People were trapped in subways with heroic men and women… the New York Fire Department rescued all of them, they were trapped. We’re seeing the same story of devastation and heroism across New Jersey and Pennsylvania as well.

For now, 11 people in New York and New Jersey died because of the storm and I want to express my heartfelt thanks to all the first responders and everyone who’s been working through the night and well into the morning to save lives and get power back. There’s a lot of damage and I made it clear to the governors that my team at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, is on the ground and ready to provide all the assistance that’s needed. In fact, our FEMA Director and Administrator, Deanna Griswell, was the chief federal response officer after Superstorm Sandy in 2012, she knows what to do.

Last night at the request of California Governor, Newsom, I approved an emergency declaration for California for the counter of fire which is burning aggressively toward Lake Tahoe Basin and in Nevada. And it’s also one of the few fires that has ever burned from one side of the stair in Nevada mountain range to the other. So far it’s burned more than 200,000 acres. Tens of thousands of people had to evacuate their homes. The fire is threatening close to 35,000 structures and more than 4,400 firefighters from the state and my federal team are working to contain and suppress this raging wildfire.

The Department of Defense has trained and is deploying additional firefighters to support our ongoing firefighting efforts in California. This disaster declaration will help with evacuation, including sheltering and feeding for those who have been displaced. I want you to know, I’ve seen these firefighters up close. Their courage is astounding and they’re some of the bravest people I’ve ever known, and I’ve known a lot of them. My heart goes out to them. My thanks is an abundant thanks for what they do.

Now, I want to provide an update in our efforts to help millions of Americans down south recover and rebuild from Hurricane Ida. We’ve been monitoring this hurricane closely and the devastation it’s caused. To date six deaths, about a million homes without power in Louisiana and Mississippi. While the catastrophic flooding wasn’t as severe as it was during Hurricane Katrina 16 years ago, Ida was so powerful that it caused the Mississippi River to change direction, the flow, changed the flow temporarily.

The good news is that as a result of a significant multi-billion dollar federal investment in the levee system around Metro in New Orleans, it held, it was strong, it worked. But too many people and too many areas are still unprotected and saw a storm surge and flooding that was devastating. We’ve seen the reports of winds up to 170 miles per hour. It’s not been confirmed yet by FEMA, but 170 miles an hour, causing unimaginable damage with debris and down power lines, making roads impassable and slowing response efforts to save folks and property.

Now, people continue to shelter-in-place. Tomorrow, I’ll be traveling to Louisiana to meet with Governor John Bel Edwards as well as the parish presidents and mayors and the local officials representing the effected areas. Governor Edwards encouraged me to come and assured me that my visit will not disrupt recovery efforts on the ground, that’s what I wanted to be sure of.

My message to everyone affected is we’re all in this together, the nation is here to help. That’s the message I’ve been making clear to the mayors, governors, energy and utility leaders in the region who my administration has been working closely with over the past few days. Working with governors in the area, even before Ida made landfall, I issued an emergency declarations for Louisiana and Mississippi to help us respond quickly. FEMA pre-positioned more than 4.3 million meals and more than 3 million liters of water and other critical resources in the region before it hit. We deployed more than 250 generators and we’re working into getting more into the area, especially the hospitals that desperately need them. The Department of Health and Human Services deployed a 250-bed federal medical shelter in New Orleans and five medical assistance teams available throughout the state.

As the hurricane hit, more than 600 members of the National Guard have been activated in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas, and other states to support search and rescue and recovery efforts. For those who have lost their home, states have been working with the American Red Cross to open almost 50 shelters across the Gulf Coast. We know that there is much to be done in this response on our part. We need to get power restored, we need to get more food, fuel, and water deployed. I get hourly updates on the progress from FEMA, well into the night, and we’ll be working around the clock until the critical needs of the region are fully met and we will meet them.

Even as we tackle the core elements of the disaster response, we’re also deploying new tools to help speed this recovery, things that have not been used very much in prior hurricane responses. Working with private companies that own and operate the lifeline infrastructure like electricity and communications, we’ve used the latest technology to accelerate restoration of power and cell phone service. It’s beginning to get back up, there’s a long way to you go. For example, to minimum the amount of time it will take to get the power back to everyone I’ve directed the federal aviation commission, the FAA, authorize the use of surveillance drones to assess Ida’s damage to energy infrastructure while ensuring those slights to not disrupt aerial search and rescue missions.

Likewise, I’ve asked the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Energy to immediately make available any satellite imagery they can help provide in assessing the extent of the damage. Drones and satellites can make the work faster by getting to the places that are most desperately in need. They can identify where the lines are down, map the damage, help get the transmission lines back up and running in all the parishes. But people, hardworking people, do the complicated and dangerous work. There are more than 25,000 linemen and clearance crews from 32 states and the District of Columbia racing to restore power. In Alabama two have died on the job. This is complicated and really dangerous work, but we’re moving as fast as humanly possible to get it done.

It is important to know that the region hit by Ida is a key center of our nation’s oil production and refining infrastructure, that’s why we’re not waiting to assess the full impact the storm is going to have on oil production and refineries. We’re moving already quickly to increase the availability of gas and easing the pressure on gas prices around the country. I’ve directed the Secretary of Energy, Jennifer Granholm, to use all of the tools at her disposal, including using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to keep gas flowing to the pumps.

In order to get critical supplies to the region to beat the pandemic, I directed the Department of Transportation to renew an energy declaration to provide flexibility on how many hours a truck driver can drive. Most people don’t know there’s a limitation on the number of hours you can be on the road. The transportation department is broadening that emergency declaration to include transportation of gasoline and other types of fuel as well in addition to medical supplies and food. In addition, the Environmental Protection Agency has approved emergency waivers for Louisiana and Mississippi that will expand the supply of gasoline that can be sold in those states and increase availability at such a critical time. These actions should help reduce the risk of gas shortages and price increases as a result of the hurricane.

We also know a lot of people lost cell phone service because their particular carrier’s tower went down or got damaged. A few days ago I asked the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, and my White House team to work with the cell phone companies to allow customers to use roaming services, so that means that folks in the area should be able to get a signal no matter what carrier they’re up on. If they’re one carrier down they can roam and use another carrier they’re not part of, they’re not signed up with. Just think of the sons and the daughters, moms and dads, and loved ones trying to reach each other and the feeling of fear or maybe something happened and it’s just because the cell phones not working. Think of the millions of people reaching out for help. This is important and it’s critical.

Now, a lot of private companies and public entities are doing their part. Today I’m calling on insurance companies not to evade the responsibility, to keep the priorities they made to their customers and the promises they made and help some folks who are hurting. Here’s the deal, FEMA is providing critical needs assistance, for example, to help the hotel bill you racked up because you couldn’t stay in your home during the hurricane. The Department of Housing and Urban affairs, HUD, is also offering assistance to families in impacted areas, but right now we’re hearing reports that some insurance companies may deny coverage for additional living assistance expenses unless the homeowner was under a mandatory evacuation order.

People pay their insurance premiums and they’re supposed to get payments from their insurance companies for relocation costs, but insurance companies in the face of the strongest storm since 1850 say, “No, no, we’re not going to pay you what we owe you,” because the fact is parishes in Louisiana like Orleans and St. John’s issued a voluntary event order at first and may not have even had enough time to make a mandatory one as the storm moved in so fast. Other parishes, a voluntary evacuation order suggested that residents could try to protect themselves by sheltering in place against the ferocious winds. We can all understand why folks felt safest leaving their homes and going elsewhere, out of the path of the devastating storm.

No one, no one fled this killer storm because they were looking for a vacation or a road trip, to be able to stay in a hotel, they left their homes because they felt it was flee or risk death, there’s nothing voluntary about that, so I’m calling on the private insurance companies right now at this critical moment, don’t hide behind the fine print and technicality. Do your job. Keep your commitments to your communities that you insured. Do the right thing and pay your policy holders what do you owe them to cover the cost of temporary housing in the midst of a natural disaster. Help those in need, that’s what all of us need to do. That’s what we’re trying to do.

FEMA has pushed out $77 million to the people of Louisiana so far, individuals. My message to the people in the Gulf Coast who I’m going to visit tomorrow, we are here for you and we’re making sure the response and recovery is equitable, so those hit hardest get the resources they need and are not left behind. Whether you’re a homeowner, a renter, a parent, a small business owner, no matter who you are, if you live in the effected area please visit disasterassistance.gov, online, the disasterassistance.gov to find help now. That’s disasterassistance.gov. Or call 1-800-621-FEMA, F-E-M-A. 1-800-621-FEMA, F-E-M-A. That’s 1-800-621-3362. There’s help you can qualify for right away.

I’ve tasked my Senior Advisor, Cedric Richmond, a New Orleans neighbor and former Congressman from Louisiana’s 2nd District for 10 years to lead this relief effort. He knows the area, he knows the people, he knows how to get things done. He knows they get things done when local, state, and federal level are all working together alongside the private sector. The people of Louisiana and Mississippi are resilient and resourceful. We’re going to stand with you for as long as it takes to recover and allow you to rebuild.

And to the country, the past few days of Hurricane Ida and the wildfires in the west and the unprecedented flash floods in New York and New Jersey is yet another reminder that these extreme storms and the climate crisis are here. We best be better prepared. We need to act. When Congress returns this month I’m going to press for their action on my Build Back Better Plan. That’s going to make historic investments in electrical infrastructure, modernizing our roads, bridges, our water systems, sewer and draining systems, electric grids and transmission lines and make them more resilient to these superstorms and wildfires, and floods that are going to happen with increasing frequency and ferocity.

We’re reminded that this isn’t about politics. Hurricane Ida didn’t care if you were a Democrat or a Republican, rural or urban, this destruction is everywhere and it’s a matter of life and death and we’re all in this together. This is one of the great challenges of our time, but I’m confident we’ll meet it. We’re the United States of America and there’s simply nothing, you’ve heard me say it before, nothing beyond our capacity when we work together. So for all those who are still in harm’s way, for all those struggling to deal with the aftermath of these storms and fires, I say, God bless you. Keep the faith. Everyone working day and night to look out for their fellow Americans is what this is about. We’re going to get this done. Thank you.Look, as we head into Labor Day weekend, we have more evidence of the progress of our economy from last year’s economic calamity. Today, we learned the economy created 235,000 new jobs in August. And the unemployment rate fell to 5.2%, the lowest it has been an 18 months. But despite the impact of the Delta variant, and I’ll talk a little more about that in a minute, what we’re seeing is an economic recovery that’s durable and strong. The Biden plan is working. We’re getting results. America is on the move again and today’s revision of previous month job gains, with the revision of the July numbers, this report means that we have been adding an average of 750,000 jobs per month on average during the past three months. And in the three months before I became president, well, we were adding 60,000 jobs a month. Total job creation in the first seven months of my administration is nearly double. Double any prior first-year president.

While I know some wanted to see a larger number today, and so did I, what we’ve seen this year is a continued growth month after month in job creation. It’s not just that I’ve added more jobs than in the first year of any president, it’s that we’ve added jobs in every single one of my first seven job reports. And wages are going up. Some more jobs, some months are fewer, some months are more, but always adding jobs. This is the kind of growth that makes our economy stronger and consistent, progress, and not the boom or bust. Our economy grew the first half of this year at the fastest rate in about 40 years. We’re the only developed country in the world, I’ll say that again, we’re the only developed country in the world whose economy is now bigger than it was before the pandemic. Because of the groundwork we laid with the American Rescue Plan, our vaccination and our vaccination strategy, we’re seeing an economy and a job market that can weather the ups and downs of the Delta variant and anything else that comes our way.

You know, we have a lot more work to do, as I will discuss shortly, but the facts speak for themselves. Think of where this country stood on the day I was sworn in as president and compare it to where we are today. The number of people filing new claims for unemployment each week is down 57%. Down 57%. Child poverty is down nearly 50%. We’re no longer seeing long lines of people waiting for boxes of food to be put in their trunk after waiting for hours, or sometimes up to two hours. The unemployment rate is down from 6.3% to 5.2, and I believe it’s going to continue to go down. And it’s no wonder the last week’s Gallup poll found that 72% of Americans think that now is a good time to find a quality job. At this time last year, that number was 30%. And that’s the mark of an economy where regular people can see a place for themselves in the economy.

You know, the holiday we celebrate this weekend, the holiday, Labor Day, is about honoring the dignity of work, honoring the American worker. And that’s what our economic strategy is all about as well. It’s about growing our economy from the bottom up and the middle out, providing some extra breathing room for families. And my dad would just say, “Just a little breathing room.” Creating an environment where employers have to compete, compete for workers, by providing higher wages and better benefits. That’s what’s happening. Wages are up, especially for working class Americans.

Even so, even with the progress we’ve made, we’re not where we need to be in our economic recovery. There are two critical tasks ahead this month to get us closer to our goal and to take the next steps in our recovery. And the first, we need to make more progress in fighting the Delta variant of COVID-19. This is a continuing pandemic of the unvaccinated. Since becoming president I’ve ramped up testing, secured enough vaccine for every single American, and gotten 175 million Americans fully vaccinated. Still, too many have not gotten vaccinated and it’s creating a lot of unease in our economy and around our kitchen tables.

Today’s report shows that the steps we’ve taken, passing the rescue plan and vaccinating 175 million people, make our economy capable of growing and adding jobs even in the face of this continuing Delta surge. A strength in our economy very different from the way things were last winter. There’s no question that Delta variant is why today’s job report isn’t stronger. I know people were looking, and I was, hoping for a higher number.

But next week, I’ll lay out the next steps that we’re going to need to combat the Delta variant, to address some of those fears and concerns. I want to talk about how we’ll further protect our schools, our businesses, our economy, and our families from the threat of Delta. As we continue to fight the Delta variant, the American Rescue Plan we passed continues to support families, businesses, and communities. Even as some of the benefits that were provided are set to expire next week, states have the option to extend those benefits and federal resources from the rescue plan to do so. Not more federal taxes, state taxes, but they have the federal money to be able to do that. States continue to have access to a wide array of support, like help for schools that are reopening, help for childcare centers to make them available and affordable, and other resources to help our economy get back to normal.

The measures we’ve taken so far have brought America out of an economic free fall, steadied us, and enabled us to grow our economy even as we continue to combat COVID. We are adding jobs, not losing them. The fight against COVID today is far different from the fight we were waging last winter.

The second thing that has to happen in September is for the congress, the house and senate to finish the job of passing my economic agenda so that we can keep up the historic momentum we’ve been building these last seven months. It’s about investing in America’s future, not about short-term stimulus. That’s not what we’re talking about. These are long longterm prosperity we’re talking about. About lowering the cost of living for families. Creating millions of good paying jobs for hardworking Americans. It’s about reducing bottlenecks in our economy, reducing long-term price pressures. It’s about helping more people to work by helping ease the burden that parents bear, especially mothers, keeping them out of the job market.

Both the senate and the house have taken important steps forward to pass my bipartisan infrastructure plan. This bill is going to end years of gridlock. Remember the whole notion we had, I guess was every week was going to be infrastructure week? Well, both literally and figuratively it’s going to change things, on our streets, across the country, and figuratively as it relates to Washington. We’re going to create millions of good paying jobs. We’re going to ease inflationary pressure and allow us to the win the competition of the 21st century in a global economy where the competition has become more intense.

Look, it’s historic investment in roads and rail and transit and bridges and clean energy and clean water, universal broadband. It’s going to modernize our energy grid. You need not go any further and look what’s happening across the country now in terms of the energy grids. It’s about resilience. Make our roads and highways safer. Make us more resilient to the kinds of devastating impacts from extreme weather we’re seeing in so many parts of the country.

And look, this is about good paying jobs for ordinary people, blue collar workers. Jobs, the prevailing wage, not $15 an hour or 20 or 30, but for the carpenters and pipe fitters, plumbers, electrical workers, and so many other Americans, about 90% of the jobs will create with this plan won’t require a college degree. It will fundamentally transform the lives of millions of people. It’s going to transform American and propel us into the future, just as we did when we built the transcontinental railroad and we electrified the country with TVA.

Look, at that same time, the house and senate have to advance my Build Back Better agenda. That bill contains critical investments in childcare to make it easier for families to be able to go to work and assure their child is being taken care of. And home care for seniors, the polling data shows among your generation, all of you out here, your greatest concern is caring for your elderly parent. Even more than your child. It’s about paid leave, allowing people with a new child or a sick spouse at home to take care of them without risking losing their paycheck. Not indefinitely, but for a time period they can actually make a difference.

Universal pre-K and community college, making us significantly better educated and increasing our competitive edge globally around the world over time. And we’ll combat climate change by building our clean energy future. Creating, the experts point out, millions of jobs and building windmills and solar panels all around the country and transferring that energy, transmitting it to parts that don’t have that capacity. We’re going to bring down the cost of prescription drugs by allowing Medicare to finally be able to negotiate drug prices with producers.

Look, and so much more. Here’s the thing you need to know. We’re going to deliver these investments without raising taxes 1 cent on anyone making less than 400,000 a year. How are we going to do that? We’re going to do it by leveling the playing field. By just having a fair system were we ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest Americans to begin to pay their fair share. Not more. They can still make millions of dollars. The super wealthy are still going to be able to have three homes. It’s not going to affect anything. The fact of the matter is though that it’s about time they begin to pay their fair share.

For example, you’ve heard me say before, and I’ll say it again, but it’s the best example to make clear to people about a very complicated notion. 55 of the largest corporations in America last year paid zero, zero in federal taxes. I don’t care what your position is, it just seems to me it’s time they start to pay their fair share like everybody else. Just pay a little bit here and it comes up to billions of dollars if they pay. The irony of ironies is during the recession and the pandemic, you’ve heard me say this before, I apologize for repeating it, when the vast majority of Americans are struggling just to hang on, the number of billionaires in America actually grew.

And I want to hold here for just a second. You know, so there have been so many records the stock market has hit under my presidency, imagine if the other guy was here. “We’re doing great. It’s wonderful. The stock market is surging. It’s gone up higher under me than anybody.” But that doesn’t mean that it’s the best for the economy. Look, the stock market has set 40 record highs just this year. They can afford to pay just a little bit more.

But folks, right now the house and senate are working on my plan to generate a fair tax system and close loopholes that big corporations and super wealthy use to pay less. To give you one example, there’s a group of experts left, right, and center, who estimate that right now we lose more than $100 billion a year in tax revenue owed from the top 1% of taxpayers alone. Not because of low tax rates, but because the wealthy people aren’t paying the taxes they owe. We’re going to change that so that they pay taxes just like typical hard working Americans do right now. We’re going to use the money we collect from the tax cuts to give tax cuts to the middle-class families, to make it easier to raise kids, to take care of your aging parents, and so much more.

But what’s going on in Congress? Not a single republican supports this plan. They support the bipartisan plan, but not this plan. Not one. And some big corporations are spending millions of dollars, and legitimately, I mean, they’re lobbying to try to escape their obligation to pay the taxes they owe, leaving working families to pay a larger share of the burden. Somebody’s got to pay. And when those who can afford to pay aren’t paying anywhere near their fair share, it means y’all pay more.

You know, this has worked in the past with significant lobbying efforts, but I don’t think it’s going to work with me. For those big corporations that don’t want things to change, my message is this: it’s time for working families, the folks who built this country, to have their taxes cut. And those corporate interests doing everything they can to find allies in Congress to keep that from happening let me be, as the old expression goes, perfectly clear, I’m going to take them on. We’re going to pass these measures. We’re going to build an economy from the bottom up in the middle out, not from the top down. And when corporations and the wealthiest start to pay their fair share, it’s going to put millions of people, according to all the estimates, millions of people to work in jobs that can help them punch their ticket to the middle class and stay in the middle class. And everyone will do better, including corporate America.

Look, just think about it, throughout our history when the middle class has done well, when it prospers, has there ever been a time the wealthy and corporate America doesn’t do well? I can’t think of one. Our country needs these investments. I’m not asking anything other than some fairness being injected into the system. Like I said, if you hold here, the fact is that the very wealthy, they’re still going to have three homes or four homes if they want. It’s not going to change what schools they can send their kids to. It’s not going to change their standard of living. But just pay a fair share. Corporate America is going to continue to do very well. I’ve seen no evidence to suggest that it’s going to cost jobs or cost … I mean, and now we need congress to finish the job, to come through for the American people, ensure that the economy continues to gain strength and stability as we move forward.

Now, finally, third thing we need to do, all of us, is to stick together. We’re going to have to put ourselves on track to accomplish extraordinary things. A strong, inclusive, historic economic growth. Landmark investments to create even more good jobs and deliver breathing room for millions of families. A giant step forward in the fight against climate change, the crisis made more evident than ever by the death and destruction caused by extreme weather just these past few days.

My agenda, I believe, is one that every American, if they understand it, can get behind. Because of the work we’ve all put in, not just in Washington, but in communities across the country. Every one of those goals is now within our reach. Coming together has always been part of the DNA of Americans. And if we can summon that instinct within us to unite as one people, one nation, there’s nothing beyond our capacity. So let’s keep going. Let’s stick together. Let’s remember who we are. You’ve hear me say a time and again, we’re the United States of America and the rest of the world is looking to us just because we are the most prosperous nation in the world right now. We’re growing and there’s a fairness to what we’re doing. A fairness. We’ll still have millionaires, we’ll still have billionaires, we’ll still have corporations that do incredibly well and CEOs that make a lot of money, but everybody has to start paying their fair share. Thank you very much.

Pardon me?

I’m late for going down. I’m going to talk about these things from Louisiana, but I have been, continue to be, a strong supporter of Roe v Wade, number one. And the most pernicious thing about the Texas law is sort of creates a vigilante system where people get rewards to go out to … anyway. And it just seems, I know this sounds ridiculous, almost un-American what we’re talking about, not the debate about … I respect people who don’t support Roe v Wade. I respect their views. I respect them, those who believe life begins at the moment of conception and all, I respect that. Don’t agree, but I respect that. Not going to impose that on people.

But what I was told, and I must tell you I am not certain, I was told that there are possibilities within the existing law to have the justice department look and see whether are there things that can be done that can limit the independent action of individuals in enforcing a state law. I don’t know enough to give you an answer yet. I’ve asked that to be checked. Thank you all very much.We’re ready to go.

Thank them, they all voted for it.

Thank you. Thank you . As my colleagues have heard me say in a different venue, if my mother were here, she’d say you’re doing God’s work, and you really are. I know that a lot of people are in desperate need of a facility like this, and childcare. I didn’t fully appreciate it as a young member of the county council when I was 27 years old. But when I got elected to the United States Senate… And I was 29. I wasn’t old enough to be sworn in yet. Between the time I got elected and the time I actually ultimately went to the Congress, I turned the eligible age of 30. But also in the meantime, there was an automobile accident. My wife was Christmas shopping, and my daughter was killed. My wife was killed. And my two young boys, Beau and Hunter, were very badly injured and hospitalized for a long time.

And so I thought, “Well, I’ll get some help.” And I was making a decent salary as a US Senator, $42,000 a year. That was a decent salary. And I could not afford the childcare. Everybody wonders why I commuted every day, 265 miles a day, to be back and forth with my children. I could afford the train. It was cheaper to be able to take every day so I could kiss my boys. It wasn’t Ozzie and Harriet , but we’d have breakfast in the morning. And when they got a little older, get them off to school. And I’d get in the train, and come home and time to… If I got home in time to have dinner… It was seldom I’d get home in time to have my dinner, and they’d save their dessert. And I got to see them, kiss them goodnight, and get in bed with them.

And so it made me realize how difficult it is for the vast majority of people who need help. I was lucky. I had a mother who’s nearby, a sister who’s my best friend, who quit her job temporarily and moved in with her husband to help me raise my kids. But most people don’t have that option. So I’ve been conscious of the concern and the lack of access and the lack of financial ability to have childcare for a long time. And I want to thank the team here at the Capitol Development Center for welcoming us today. I want to thank the excellent Connecticut leaders you have here. Ned, you’re one of the best governors in the United States of America. You really are, because you stand up for what you believe in, and you don’t back down.

And Mr. Mayor, Luke, as a Afghan war veteran… We were talking about all the work he’s done with the former governor of Delaware, Jack Markell, now who’s placing Afghan refugees coming out of Afghanistan. And we’re continuing to get people out. Thank you for what you do. I really mean it. And Richard Blumenthal, who was back in those days the attorney general when my son Beau was still alive. And he was attorney general, and not a joke, but he looked to Richard for help. And thanks for the way you took him under your wing. I really mean it, Richard. It made a difference. You know what he thought of you. And Chris Murphy, who has been not only a real soldier, but he has stood up and stuck up for me. And Chris, it matters. It matters when things are tight, and you stand up and make the case, and I do appreciate it.

And John and I, John Larson and I go back a long way. And Joe, you can’t deny me. There’s no way out. And Rosa DeLauro, who is… I don’t have time want to keep you, but the first time I came up this way, my son was going to Yale Law School, and her mother was a committee… Was it committeeman?

Alderwoman. And I was up on a ladder helping him paint the place he had just rented. And this knock on the door, and this lovely woman came and said, “Where’s Biden? Where’s Joe Biden?” And I was up on a ladder, and I had paint all over me. And I was a US Senator. And I said, “I’m here.” She said, “No, where’s Biden? Where’s Biden?” And she brought the chief of police over to let him know that everything was going to be taken care of. But your mother was something else. But that old expression, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Rosa-

That old expression, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Rosie. You’ve been an incredible leader in all things having to do with the health and wellbeing of children and women. And we would not have had the legislation we’re now trying to continue were it not for you. And Jim you’re the real deal, as well as Johanna, the comment I got from Johanna, I get from everybody. Where’s Jill? Where’s Jill? I’m Jill Biden’s husband. She is now in, I think she’s either in New Jersey or Virginia, I’m not sure after teaching 15 credits this week at the community college. And she is out there making the case. I’m here today to talk about what’s fundamentally at stake right now, in my view, for the families, not only of Connecticut, because you’re ahead of the curve and some of which you’ve done on your own, but for our country. For a long time, America set the pace across the globe.

For most of the 21st century, we literally led the world by significant margin in investments, we invested in our own people, in our people. Not only our roads, our highways, our bridges, but on our people and on our families. And we didn’t just build the interstate highway system and invest to win the space race. We also were among the first to provide access to free education beginning back at the turn of the 20th century. It was a distinction and a decision to invest in our children and our families. And it’s a major reason why we were able to lead the world in the 21st century. One of the few nations of the world at universal education for everyone beginning and for what was then first grade. But somehow along the way, we sort of stopped investing in our people. Our infrastructure’s fallen from the best in the world.

According to the World Economic Forum, our infrastructure ranks 13th in the world, roads, bridges, a whole range of things. But just as important is the organization of economic opportunity and cooperation now ranks America 35 out of 37 major countries when it comes to investing in early childhood education and care.

Say another way, the world’s catching up and beginning to pass us. Jill has my community college, Dr. Biden has an express she’s used for real; any country that out educates us will outcompete us. Any country that out educates us will outcompete us. We cannot be competitive in the 21st century in this global economy if we fail to invest. That’s why I propose two critical pieces of legislation being debated in Washington right now. They’re both bills that are not about left versus right. They’re not about moderate versus progressive or anything else that pits one American against another. These bills in my view are literally about competitiveness versus complacency, about opportunity versus decay, and about leading the world or continue to let the world move by us. Folks, a lot of folks know what’s at stake in the infrastructure bill.

It’s about rebuilding the arteries of our economy, putting people to work in good paying jobs, the estimates in Wall Street it will create up to 16 million new jobs over time. Good pay paying jobs, union jobs, not five bucks an hour, seven, 15, but 40, $50 an hour, prevailing wage. You can raise a family on. You can live with some dignity and pride. Bringing our roads and bridges up to speed, replacing lead water pipes. There’s over 40,000 schools schools across America where you got to be worried when you go to the water fountain, whether there’s lead in the water and the children are being poisoned. You can turn on the faucets so that every place in America will be sure the water is clean and able to be drunk. Laying transmission lines for a modern and resilient energy grid. Making high speed internet affordable and available everywhere in America from urban, suburban, rural. There’s parts of the country that are just being left behind.

And they’re parts of the country in states that are economically prosperous that are being left behind. Meeting the moment on the climate crisis and in the process creating millions of good paying jobs. I’ve had a couple conferences already held. I’m going to COP26 in Scotland shortly. And what I had, I guess I had 71 heads of state on the first one I did in the white House. And I said, and people are starting to talk about it now. Not about me, about the idea. When I think climate, I think jobs, good paying jobs, union jobs. This is an opportunity. We’re the only country in the world that has consistently turned difficulty into opportunity. We have a chance to not only make this world more livable, but to actually create greater opportunity for people. Making landmark investments in public transit and rail and increasing efficiency, reducing emissions. There’s millions of kids getting on diesel school buses and inhaling the air, getting asthma.

They should be electric buses, electric buses. This could happen. So look, I’m going to have a tendency to say more than I need to say because y’all understand it. But the bottom line is I wanted to come here today because too many folks in Washington still don’t realize it isn’t enough just to invest in our physical infrastructure. We also have to invest in our people. And that’s what the second bill does, the Build Back Better Initiative. Seeing children and educators here at this center is a perfect reminder what our families need and our economy needs so badly to be able to thrive. You all know the statistics, particularly the teachers here, a child coming out of a single parent house where there’s real difficulty will hear literally a million fewer words spoken, not different words, spoken, than the child coming out of middle class household.

And so no matter what you say, you start them at the same age at age six or seven, five or six in school, they’re already behind the curve, already behind the curve. How can we compete in a world of millions of Americans parents, especially moms, can’t be part of the workforce because they can’t afford the cost of childcare or elder care I might add. Elder care. They’re the sandwich generation getting crushed. Here in Connecticut, the average annual cost to bring your toddler to a quality childcare center is about $16,000 a year. That’s what it is around the country. Some places more, some places a little less. A lot of money. And 16,000 after taxes, after you pay your taxes. So the average two parent family with two young kids spends 26% of their income on childcare every year. My Build Back Better plan is going to change that. It’s going to cut the cost of childcare for most Connecticut families in half. No middle class family will pay more than 7% of their income on childcare. None. Period.

And that’s going to help parents get back into the workforce and make ends meet, or maybe care for that, we have to do the same, I’m not going to talk about it today, but the other piece of it, you all know, and deals with elder care. You got 80,000 people waiting to qualify under Medicaid and there’s no spaces. We can afford to do this. But at any rate, we also have to provide businesses with tax credits to build on site care facilities. Look, you and the legislature were way ahead of the curve. You decided that for people working in legislature, there should be a place for their children. Well, what we want to do is make sure that we encourage businesses to do the same, to get a significant tax cut, to be able if they have an onsite facility to take care of their workers children when they show up. So you go to work with your child and you have a serious facility.

… So you go to work with your child and you have a serious facility on-site. Well, studies show that when you have on-site care for children’s center businesses, businesses, the business itself have less employee turnover, less absenteeism and higher productivity. We can show you all those studies. It’s real. We can’t afford to lag behind other countries where they’re invested in. When America made 12 years of public education universal more than a century ago, it gave the best educated, best prepared workforce in the world to the rest of the world.

But if we’re designing public education today, we all of a sudden we had none and we said, “Okay, what are we going to do? We need free public education.” Does anybody think we’d think 12 years was enough in the second quarter of the 21st century? The fact is today only about half of three and four-year-olds in America are enrolled in early education childhood education like what you’re doing here. In Germany, France and the UK, even Latvia, the number of children in those countries enrolled is 90%, 90%. My plan gets us back on track, provides two years of high-quality preschool for every child in America. It also makes investments in higher education by increasing Pell grants. I don’t know if I can get it done, but I also have proposed this free community college like you’ve done here in the state of Connecticut to help students from lower-income families attend community college and four-year schools. And invest in historically black colleges and universities to make sure young people from every neighborhood have a shot at good paying jobs in the future.

We also extend this lady’s child tax credit, which is finally a tax cut for the middle-class. My friends on the other side never had any problem for adding $2 trillion in tax cuts for the very wealthy. Look, I don’t think you shouldn’t be able to make a million or a million dollars. I’m a capitalist, but guess what? I’m also listed for 36 years as the poorest man in the Congress. But I make big money now, I’m the president. But all kidding aside, I don’t think we should punish anybody, but just pay your fair share, just pay your fair share. You know the issue that has been championed by Roosevelt for years, in the past if you paid your taxes and had an income high enough that you were able to take a $2,000 per child deduction, you could actually write it off your taxes. But how many families do you know of cops and firefighters and schoolteachers in life that don’t pay that much in tax? Because they pay a tax. If you say you’re going to get 4,000 back for your kids. Well, it’s not refundable, either comes off your tax bill or you don’t get it at all.

In the American Rescue Plan, which these folks voted for as well and I’m very proud of is a real game changer, it started our economy moving again. Recognize that people of lower incomes don’t get the benefit of that tax break because they don’t have that much to deduct. So we make it refundable, make it permanently refundable. So you get that back over the years. If you only had $1,000 in taxes and you had three kids, you’d end up in a situation where you get $5,000 refundable to you, they would pay you, the government would pay you. And we increase that amount in the near-term to $3,600 for every child under the age of six and $3,000 for dependence between the ages of six and 17.

The money’s already a game changer for working families. It’s projected to cut child poverty in Connecticut in one of the wealthiest states like Delaware and Connecticut, by 40%, if we don’t pass the bill, we fail. It’s a life changer. The Build Back Better Act says that you get the first half of it paid to you and then the second half you get paid on a monthly basis. Hard-working families are getting a check in the mail on the 15th. Today’s the 15th, isn’t it? Or in their bank account just like you get your Social Security check, but it’s for your children. It’s for being able to raise your kids.

That monthly tax cut for parents is going to end in just a couple months. It’s going to impact families of 61 million kids right at the holidays when the winter heating costs are going up when we need to keep the taxes for families going down. The bottom line is this. When you give working families a break, we’re not just raising their quality of life. We’re positioning our country to compete in the future. And I when I talk to all your folks out in the playground, as I joked inside, everybody knows I like kids better than people. Fortunately, they’re like me and that’s why maybe I like them.

But all kidding aside, you all talked about, all talked about what it means to the families of these children. And granted, you had to cut way back and because of a lot of things happening, things aren’t the same as they were. But these bills are about strengthening the economy for decades to come. Both of these bills spend out over 10 years. Take the infrastructure bill, all those investments in roads, bridges, highways, high-speed internet, water, clean water, everything represents less than one half of 1% of our economy each year if you add it all up over these years.

And the cost of the Build Back Better bill in terms of adding to the deficit is zero. So when I hear people say it costs 3.5 trillion, and to be honest with you, we’re probably not going to get 3.5 trillion year. We’re going to get something less than that, but I’m going to negotiate, I’m going to get it done with the grace of God and the goodwill of neighbors and the creek not rise as my grandpa would say. But all kidding aside, we’re going to keep coming because the more we demonstrate it works, the more we can do. It’s paid for because big corporations and the very wealthy ought to start paying their fair share.

Let me be clear. Nobody and since I got elected when I was campaigning, nobody who makes under $400,000 a year which is a lot of money will see their taxes go up one single penny, nobody, not one. That’s why in the highway bill, I didn’t add gas tax. So I keep that commitment. In fact, this plan cuts taxes for working people. There’s no reason why, as I said, billionaires they should pay a lower tax rate, literally a lower tax rate than a school teacher and a firefighter or a couple. That’s what’s happening now. And it isn’t right that 55 of our Fortune 400 companies, the largest companies in America last year, 55 of the Fortune 500 paid zero in taxes and they made $40 billion in profit.

I’m glad they made a profit. I mean that sincerely, but pay your fair share. Just pay a decent portion of what we lay out in this piece of legislation. And by the way, I’ve had a number of Fortune 500 companies come to me and say, “You’re right. We can pay a higher tax than we’re paying now.” Because they understand the impact if we don’t invest like we have to on their long-term health and well-being. This needs to change. Working folks understand it. That’s why despite the attacks and misinformation, my plan still is the overwhelming support of the American people when they’re told what’s in it. They understand that when families have a little more breathing room, America has a lot better shot. My dad used to say-

… America has a lot better shot. My dad used to say, for real, my dad was a well-read, well-bred man who regretted his whole life he never got a chance to go to college. And he worked like heck, he’d always come home for dinner and then go back to work. And I remember we lived in a four bedroom split level home with four kids and a grandpa. And my bed was against the wall where my parents’ bed was against the adjacent wall. I remember one night I could tell my dad was just so restless, I was in high school. The next morning I asked my mom, I said, “What’s the matter with dad, mom?” She said, “Well, honey, his company just told him they were going to do away with health insurance, no health insurance.” Well, you know what? We weren’t poor.

My dad made it probably an average in those days, 22, $25,000 a year, which is decent salary. But he used to say, “Everybody’s entitled just a little bit of breathing room, just a little bit.” A little bit of breathing room. They know this is about dignity and respect. It’s about building this economy from the bottom up and the middle out. I’ve never seen a time, and some of you may have beyond my colleagues in the Congress, in the press may have your masters or doctorate degrees in economics. Name me a single time in American history. When the middle class was doing well, that the wealthy didn’t do very, very well? Name me a time, one single time in American history. So we’re not hurting anybody, we’re just making sure everybody gets a shot. Let me close with this. This is not hyperbole, the world is watching.

Autocrats believe that the world is moving so rapidly, that democracies cannot generate consensus quickly enough to get things done. Not a joke. I’ve had hours and hours and hours of meetings and personal conversations with Xi Jinping. I spent more time with them I believe, than any other world leader has, when I was vice president and now on the phone. Every time he calls and we talk, it’s a conversation between an hour and a half and two and a half hours. Not a joke, my word.

But he doesn’t think democracies can compete, because they can’t react quickly enough. In my summit with Putin, Switzerland, they’re betting democracies can’t compete. We can’t move quickly enough. I’m into the G20, came back from the G7. You know how they measure? They don’t measure us based on the size of our military. They don’t measure us on how much power we have that way. They want to know, can we get anything done? Not a joke. And many of you travel internationally. Can we get anything done? Can you put anything together to get something done in America? So folks, they’re betting that we won’t respond to this inflection point in, history. But I’ve always said, I mean it, some of you guys are working with me know this. I said it a thousand times, it’s never a good bet to bet against American people. Never a good bet.

So it’s time for us to invest in ourselves. Show the world that American democracy works. We’ve always led the world, not by the example of our physical power, but by the power of our example, that’s why the world has followed. And given half a chance, there’s not a single solitary thing that we can’t achieve if we do it together. So I’m hopeful, there’s a lot of questions the press is going to want to ask me, I know about how are the negotiations going and how we’re going to get this done, and so on? Well, I told you before what my neurosurgeon years ago said when I had that aneurysm. He said … And that was in the Senate. “Your problem Senator is your congenital optimist.” But I’m convinced we’re going to get this done. I’m convinced we’re going to get it done. We’re not going to get 3.5 trillion.

We’ll get less than that, but we’re going to get it and we’re going to come back and get the rest. So I want to thank you all, and God bless you. And I know you’re asking about President Clinton, I’ve been exchanging calls. He seems to be, God willing, doing well. And so when I talk to him, I’ll let you all know. But in the meantime, thank you for taking time to be here. And I say this again, the press heard me say it. For all you elected officials, this is like a Busman’s Holiday for you. Come to have to listen to another politician speak. But I am really, and I mean this without exception, I’m so proud to be associated with each one of you. You’re honorable, decent, smart women and men, and there’s a lot we can get done. So thank you very much. Thank you.Thank you. Hello, New Jersey. Thank you. Lieutenant Commander . Well, Governor Murphy. So many of the national challenges we’re confronting are areas where you’re already leading, and that’s not hyperbole. Whether it’s making healthcare, or preschool, or college, more affordable providing paid family, leave, replacing lead in pipes and protecting public health. So thanks for showing the way, pal. Thanks for showing the way. It’s also good to meet my old friend, a lot of my friends in Congress, but Bill, you and I have been doing this a long time, pal, thanks for the passport back in New Jersey and your district. And Josh  has been the best go-between I’ve had trying to get all this done. Whether it’s the Build Back Better portion, or the infrastructure proportion. And Tom Malinowski’s done on a hell of a job, and Don  and Frank . I keep telling Frank, I remind him, we’ve been doing things together a long time. I know Delaware’s small, I know how important New Jersey is, but Delaware owns the Delaware River up to the high watermark in New Jersey. So, you know what I mean? And one of my favorite members of Congress who I campaigned for, and she won in spite of it, Mikie Sherrill, Lieutenant Commander in the United States Navy, Naval graduate, Georgetown Law, incredible person. And I want to acknowledge both Senator Booker and Menendez, who represent you so well in Washington. They’re down there trying to get this all moving.

I’m here today to talk about what’s fundamentally at stake for the families of New Jersey, the whole region here and for our country. For most of the 20th century, we led the world by a significant margin, not just led the world, by significant margin because we invested in ourselves, we invested in our people. Not only in our roads and our highways and our bridges, but in our people, and our families. We’re among the first to provide access to free education, 12 years of free education for anyone who was in American beginning back in the late 18 hundreds in the early 1900s.

And that decision to invest in our children and our families was a major part, a major part, of why we were able to lead the world for so much of the 20th century, but somewhere along the way, we took our eyes off the ball. Our infrastructure used to be the best in the world, not hyperbole; the best in the world. Today, according to the World Economic Forum, we ranked 13th in the world. 12 of our nations have superior infrastructure to us. And China has trains to go 230 miles an hour for long distances, and we got money to do that back in the administration of Barack Obama and Joe Biden. And you had a Republican governor who didn’t want any parts of it. We used to lead the world in educational achievement, now the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development ranks America 35 out of 37 countries when it comes to investing in early childhood education and care. 35 out of 37-

Early childhood education and care, 35 out of 37. We cannot be competitive in the 21st century global economy if we continue to slide. My wife who’s a community college professor says, “Any nation that out educates us will out compete us.” Say it again, any nation that out educates will out compete us and that’s a fact. That’s why I resolve that we once again build America from the bottom up and the middle out. I’ve never seen a time in American history when the middle class did well, the wealthy didn’t do very well but I’m tired of trickle down. Trickle down hadn’t worked so much for the last 15 years for working class and middle class folks. That’s why I proposed two critical pieces of legislation being debated back in Washington right now.

These bills are not about left versus right or moderate versus progressive or anything that pits one American against another. These bills are about competitiveness versus complacency. Competitiveness versus complacency. They’re about expanding opportunity not opportunity denied. They’re about leading the world or continuing to let the world pass us by.

First, the infrastructure bill. It’s about rebuilding the arteries of America and the Portal Bridge project is showing why investments like this are so important. When the Portal Bridge was built, it was state of the art and it really was. But a 110 years ago. Today it’s been called something different, a choke point, a bottleneck and Achilles’ heel in the northeast corridor. Since the Portal Bridge was built, it’s become the busiest rail span in the entire Western hemisphere. Let me say that again. It’s the busiest rail span in the entire Western hemisphere. At peak usage, 450 trains pass over it every day, 200,000 Amtrak and New Jersey Transit passengers but ships and barges also need to get under it and many can’t fit. That means the bridges need to swing open and closed again, a process that stops rail traffic and causes other problems.

The bridge opens over a 100 times a year and 15% of the time, something goes wrong. 15% of the time. For example, if the rails don’t lock back in place exactly right, the bridge closes and sometimes, you know what fixes it in the 21st century? A sledgehammer. Come out with a sledgehammer and align the tracks. Literally a sledgehammer to knock it back into place in the year 2021. One report a couple years ago found that the Portal Bridge was particularly responsible for 2, 000 hours of delays between 2014 and 2018. Know the little expression, time is money. As one commuter said, “If you’re on the train and they say Portal Bridge, you know you better make other plans.”

Aging infrastructure like this is more than an inconvenience or a nuisance, it’s an impediment. Impediment to America’s global competitiveness. We’re in a worldwide race. Things have changed. Take a look. That’s why what’s happening right now is so important. Today, we’re moving forward on a new bridge that will be higher over the water so it won’t need to open and close. Allow us to increase speed, safety and efficiency and capacity. This is going to make life a lot better for New Jersey’s commuters. It’s also going to create nearly 8,000 construction jobs in this area alone, this area’s workers. 8,000 union jobs. Union.

It was pointed out to me not long ago that I said, I’m a union president, that I’ve apparently used, someone calculated I used the word union more than the last seven presidents combined because guess what? It’s a decent wage. It’s about to make rail transportation, which is a cleaner, greener way to travel the better choice for a lot of New Jersey residents, but not just New Jersey, everybody up and down East Coast. If I can pause for a second, I apologize because some have heard this. I commuted every single day, 263 miles a day on Amtrak from the time I got elected a United States Senator. As a matter of fact, when I was vice president, I used to like to take the train home because my mom was very sick and dying and I’d come home every weekend to make sure I’d take the train home. And the Secret Service and I’m not criticizing them, legitimately would rather me fly because it’s safer because too many people can get on an off et cetera.

I’m getting on one Friday and then one of the senior guys on Amtrak, Angelo Negri, I got know all the conductors really well. They became my friends. Really my genuine friends. I’d have them at my home at Christmas and during the summer and Ang walks up to me and goes, “Joey baby, grabs my cheek. And I thought the Secret Service was going to blow his head off.” I said, I swear to God true story. I said, “No, no, he’s a friend.” I say, “What’s up, Ang?” He said, “Joey, I read in the paper, I read in the paper, you travel 1,200,000 miles on Air Force planes,” because they keep meticulous tabs of it. I said, “Yeah.”

He said, “Big,” I won’t say the whole thing, “big deal. You know how many miles you travel on Amtrak Joey?” And I said, “No.” He said, “The boys and I figured out at the retirement dinner.” He said, “You traveled two million,” I think it was 180, but “2,200,000 miles.” Said, “How’d you get that, Ang?” He said, “Well, 267 miles a day, we figured you traveled a 119 days a year for 36 years and then you traveled as vice president.” He goes, “Joey, I don’t want to hear this about the Air Force anymore.” I’m a train guy because it also is the single most significant way we can deal with air pollution. Single most significant way we can deal with global warming. It’s going to help the region’s vital maritime industry as well by making the movement of ships and bridges safer and more efficient.

Look, with my infrastructure bill, we’re going to make sure projects like this are just the beginning. Across the country, there are 45,000 bridges in disrepair, some of them dangerously so. 173,000 miles of roads are on poor condition. We’re going to create them totally new. We’re going to fix them. This is going to be good union jobs, prevailing wage. You can raise a family on jobs that can’t be outsourced. We’re going to make the largest investment in public transportation in the history of America, replacing transit vehicles that are past their useful life and make the most significant investment in rail since the creation of Amtrak 50 years ago. During peak periods, when railroads are congested and rail carriers have more passengers, rail is up to 10 times more energy efficient than a person driving. 10 times. We have a huge opportunity here to provide fast, safe, reliable and clean transportation in this country.

Every study shows, I won’t bore you with them all because I’ve been working on them my whole life. Every study shows if you can get from point A to point B faster on rail than you can drive your automobile, you take the rail. The northeast corridor, we’re talking about a $30 billion investments in major project, like the Hudson River Gateway tunnels and the Portal Bridge, which it feeds into. Look, we’re going to create job replacing lead water pipes so families can drink clean water, something New Jersey and Governor Murphy have been leading on. We’re going to make sure high speed internet is affordable and available everywhere in America, including in the nearly one in three New Jersey families that don’t have the internet subscription. How many times you see people pulling up to a McDonald’s sitting outside during the pandemic so they could do their homework because they can get off of their line. We’re going to create jobs, laying thousands of miles of transmission lines to build modern, resilient an energy grid.

And we’re going to invest in strengthening our infrastructure against the impacts of climate change. The governor and I were talking a little bit earlier, just this year global warming has caused over $100 billion dollars, $100 billion in damage. I visited New Jersey as the governor mentioned after the Hurricane Ida came through. The governor and several of you were with me. In Manville we met people who had been put out of their homes by flooding. It was devastating. Water marks over people’s heads. They’d show me where the water I’d gotten to. I told them that help was on the way. Since then, FEMA processed assistance applications for nearly 30,000 New Jerseyans and approved a $150 million in repairs, replacement and rental assistance and other needs. Between 2010 and 2020, this state has had 24 extreme weather events, 24. Nationally extreme weather as I said, cost…

… it’s 24. Nationally extreme weather, as I said, cost the taxpayers over $100 billion a year. Our plan is going to build our roads higher, our levies stronger, our power grids more durable, all to withstand the ever-increasing ferocity and intensity of extreme weather. And with my Build Back Better plans, we’re going to address the root cause of ever-increasing extreme weather and destruction, the climate crisis. We have a climate crisis.

I’ve flown all over this nation this year in helicopters, gone from lake Mead … More land has been burned to the ground in the west, to the ground, forest homes, than the entire state of New Jersey, from all the way down to Cape May all the way up to the Hudson. That’s how much is burned to the ground. My infrastructure bill was always a part of America’s work for long overdue national environmental cleanups, like clean up Passaic River, the nation’s most expensive Superfund site.

We’re going to invest $42 billion in modernizing and electrifying our ports and airports, like the port of New York and New Jersey, Newark Liberty International Airport. Reducing congestion and emissions and creating thousands more good paying union jobs. It’s going to help us meet the moment of the climate crisis in a way that creates good jobs, make us more economically competitive, and we can breathe.

Look, we haven’t passed the Transformative Infrastructure Bill for a decade. Think about this. How many times under the former guy did we have infrastructure week? Not a single thing happened. We need to get this done. And it isn’t enough just to invest in our physical infrastructure, we also have to invest in our people. That’s what my second pill, the Build Back Better plan does. I just had the opportunity to visit a preschool in the East End Elementary in North Plainfield. North Plainfield provides access to preschool for all kids four years and above. My plan is going to make it possible for the district to expand that program to three-year-olds all across America. The earlier our children began to learn, the better for themselves, their families, and for the nation. Studies show that children who have attended high quality preschool are 50% more likely to finish high school and get a two or four year degree after high school.

But right now we’re lagging behind. Today only about half of three and four year olds in America are enrolled in early education. In Germany, France, the UK, and even Latvia, that number is over 90%. Over 90% of three and four year olds are in school. My Build Back Better plan gets us back on track. We’ll make two years of high quality preschool available to every child in America.

An average two parent household in this state spends $15,000 to care for just one young child every year. Everybody says, “How do you know?” I know about this. When I got elected to the United States Senate, my wife and daughter were killed. I had two little boys. I was making a lot of money as a US Senator, $42,000 a year, and I could not afford. That’s why I started commuting every single day. Could never afford to have two houses and to have daycare. Thank God I have a sister, who’s my best friend, a brother, and my mother and my father who helped out.

My Build Back Better plan is going to cut childcare costs more than half for low and middle-income New Jersey residents. Under my plan, no middle-class family will spend more than 7% of their income on childcare. We also extended historic middle-class tax cuts for parents by expanding the Childcare Tax Credit. Everybody talks about children, and Josh has heard me say it, I view it as a tax cut for middle-class families, a tax cut. We never have an argument when we talk about with the wealthy, this is a tax cut. It changes the lives of the American people.

As many people here in New Jersey understand, it means you get $300 a month for every child under six and $250 for a child between six and 17. That money is already a life-changer for so many working families. It’s projected to cut child poverty in New Jersey by 36%. These bills are going to change the lives of millions of people in the areas of the hundreds of millions of people across the country for better and for years to come.

So everyone here today, especially Governor Murphy and other dedicated officials here today, thank you for showing us what’s possible. Because when we make these investments, there’s going to be no stopping America. We will own the future. This initiative is about betting on America, about believing in America, about believing in the American people.

If you look at the history of the journey of this nation, what becomes clear is this, given half a chance, the American people have never, ever, ever let their country down. So let’s get this done. Let’s move. Folks, we have the most talented workforce in the world. What are we doing? What in God’s name are we doing?

And by the way you hear these numbers, 3.5 trillion or 1.75 trillion, we pay for it all. It doesn’t increase the deficit one single cent. So let’s get to work. Let’s put people to work and let’s once again reestablish America as the most advanced country in the world. God bless our America and God bless our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you..

No problem. It’s all done. No look, Anderson, I’ve probably spent well over a hundred hours. This is a big deal. We have two plans. One is the infrastructure plans, roads, highway, bridges, buses, trains, et cetera. And the other one is what I call the care economy. It has a lot of money in there for environmental remediation, as well as care economy. For example, we want to get the economy moving, but millions of women go to work because they don’t have any childcare, that kind of thing. So there’s a lot of pieces in there. There’s lots that people don’t understand. And by the way, all of its paid for, every single penny, it’s not going to raise one single cent.

I think so. Look, I was just Senator for 370 years and I was relatively good at putting together deals.

No. I think banning assault weapons is the toughest deal I worked on and succeeded.

Yes.

Well, it’s like my asking you, “are you sure your next show’s going to be a success?”

You’re more confident than I am. Look, it’s all about compromise. Compromise has become a dirty word, but bipartisanship and compromise still has to be possible. When I ran for the presidency, I said I’m running for three reasons. Once, to restore the soul and decency in the country. Two to build the middle class and the working class they we built from the middle out. And three, to actually unite the country. And everybody’s been saying, “Well, that’s crazy. You can’t do it.” If we can’t eventually enact this country, we’re in deep trouble.

I do think I’ll get a deal.

Morgan State.

All right, man.

Well, let me ask you, how old are your kids?

God love you. Well, look, there’s two pieces, there’s the childcare. Having someone take care of the, your child while you are working while you and your wife are working. Under this proposal I have, no one will have to pay unless you’re each making over 300 grand, 150,000 a piece-

By the way, I’m married to one Dr. Biden right here. So you will not have to pay more than 7% of your income for childcare, 7%. And the way we do that is we provide for the ability to have childcare centers funded, to fit your income, you get 7% with the total cost. But there’s another piece here. You now are qualified to be able to have a child tax credit. It used to be that if you had enough money to pay significant taxes, you could write off 2000 bucks for every child you had and reduce your taxes. But if you were making 60,000 bucks a year, you didn’t have that much to write off, you didn’t get anything. Well, I call this a tax break for middle class people. If you’re making in the $150,000 range right now, you’re in a situation, where if you have a child under seven, $ 350, if you have a child between seven and 17, you can get $300 and you get a direct payment. The IRS sends you money.

No, here’s the deal, all these people are working anyway. And by the way, why should somebody who is not working and has a million dollar trust fund, why should they get the benefit and someone making 60 grand and not working, but staying home, why should they not get anything? I don’t get that.

Yes, that’s a different issue. Yeah.

Yeah. It is down to four weeks. And the reason it’s down to four weeks, I can’t get 12 weeks. But look, here’s the deal, guys. How many people do you know, not a joke, or maybe yourself, have had a circumstance where you are working like the devil, you’re making seven bucks an hour, 15 bucks an hour, 20 bucks an hour, and you have a child that’s sick at home? Or you have a mother or father, husband, and wife, son or daughter, and you need to stay home to help them?

We’re one of the few industrial countries in the world that does not have paid leave, so that when you stay home to help that person, to take care of that person, you’re still getting your pay. And it does not hurt the business at all. The business isn’t paying for it, the federal government is paying for it. It’s a little bit like, as I said, a tax cut for people who are not able to otherwise take care their families. And look, I’m looking out here and a lot of you are part of that families generation. You have young kids and you have aging parents. And one of the things all the polling data shows, Anderson is people are more concerned about taking care of the elderly, because they don’t know what to do than they are even their children.

God love you.

Well, first of all, if my mom were here, she’d say you’re a good daughter, number one.

Number two. I was in a situation like you are. I was making more money. I was making $42,000 a year as a Senator at the time, although I was listed to poorest man in the Senate for 36 years, but I still made more money than most people because Senate salaries kept going up. And what happened was my dad got sick and he was in hospice, so Jill and I took my dad home and we took care of him in our house. But we were lucky because I have a sister who’s an angel and a brother who’s a wonderful guy. And we all took turns in our house taking care of him. But here’s the deal: right now under Medicaid, there are 860,000, I think it’s 860. Don’t hold me to the exact number.

It’s over 800,000 who qualify for home healthcare aid for their parents, but there’s no money there. There’s no money there. So what we do is we provide the funding for Medicaid to allow you to be able to keep, if your parents had their home, keeping them in their home if you want it, or get help in your home with home care from professionals helping you take care of them. And in many cases where you’re not taking care of them in your own home and they’re staying in their home. You’re going to be able to have the ability to have someone come in and make their meals for them. They don’t have to be there 24/7.

So there’s a lot of things we’re doing. In addition to the process, we’re going to be able to train up those home care workers who are usually minority women and women of color, as well as immigrants. And they have the capacity to learn more as they go along to move to the point where they can become practical nurses and things like that. So it makes a lot of sense and it’s cheaper than it is to not do it.

That’s a reach. And the reason why it’s a reach … I think it’s a good idea. And it’s not that costly in relative terms, especially if we allowed Medicare to negotiate drug prices. But here’s the thing, Mr. Manchin is opposed to that as is, I think Senator Sinema is opposed-

Opposed to all three, because he says he doesn’t want to further burden Medicare so that because it will run out of its ability to maintain itself in X number of years. There’s ways to fix that, but not interested in that part either. But look, Joe’s not a bad guy, he’s a friend and he is always the end of the day, come around and voted for it. But here’s the point: we’re in a situation now where if you are in a circumstance that you’re not able to provide … Let me cut to the chase, I’m taking too long.

One of the things we’re able to do in the meantime is the most expensive of these things would be dental. Now we’re talking about, I don’t have a deal on it yet, maybe getting an $800 voucher from Medicare for dental or that you may need. And the hearing is a very important thing because as Kyrsten Sinema, who supports this points out, hearing is directly related to dementia. When you can’t hear, you have a problem and it impacts on dementia. And it’s cheaper to be able to take care of the hearing. But I think I’ve been able to take care of that without changing Medicare, because what’s happening is now you have these hearing aid companies, you’re no longer going to have to go to the doctor and spend five grand and get … you can go and buy Walgreens and buy over the counter hearing aids. The harder one though, is we haven’t gotten a consensus yet on how to deal with seeing and glasses. So it’s not done yet, is the answer.

By the way, Ben, the Bidens all hail for in Baltimore beginning in 1850. I don’t know how the hell they kicked me out, but I’m .

Well, I think what’s fair is that the present tax code, the highest tax rate is 35%, number one. Number two, you’re in a circumstance where corporate America is not paying their fair share, and I come from the corporate state of the world, Delaware. More corporations in Delaware than every other state in the Union combined. Now here’s the deal though: you have 55 corporations, for example, in the United States of America, making over 40 billion, don’t pay a cent, not a single little red cent. Now, I don’t care, I’m a capitalist. I hope you can be a millionaire or a billionaire, not a problem, but at least pay your fair share. Chip in a little bit.

Look, here’s the deal. The corporate tax rate was 37%. Barack and I thought it should come down. We thought it should come down to 28%. In the process, it came down to 21% under Trump, which even the corporate leaders, and you know if you’re in real estate, major real estate, ask them, they know they should be paying a little more than 21%. Because the idea that if you’re school teacher and a firefighter, you’re paying at a higher tax rate than they are as a percentage of your taxes. But here’s the deal: I believe that we can pay for this whole thing. I have it written in a card here, but I won’t bore you with the detail. But for example, if you, in fact, made sure that you paid a minimum 15%, that’s over almost 400 billion over 10 years.

Here’s what I’m willing to do. I’m willing to make sure that we pay for everything without an anyone making less than $400,000 paying a single cent more in taxes. That’s my objective. And so there’s ways to do that. For example, you covered it on your show, the minimum international tax at 15%.

No, I don’t think we’re going to be able to get the vote. Look, when you’re in the United States Senate, and you’re President of the United States and you have 50 Democrats, every one is a president.

Every single one. So you got to work things out. But where I am is I’ll turn on the news and I’ll hear that, “Biden’s caved on such a …” Look, Biden’s a simple proposition. Biden’s going to get all the elements of these two bills have profound impact on economic growth, reduce not create inflation, don’t add a penny to the debt as well as grow the economy. I have 17 Nobel laureates in economics sent me a letter recently saying that my proposals were, would actually reduce inflation, diminish. But here’s the point: the point of it all is that I can’t think of anything that was consequential and changing the circumstance for the middle class and working class in America that came as a consequence of a single piece of legislation.

I’ve got a portrait of Roosevelt to my office. Social Security is not anything like it is today when he passed it, it evolved, it moved, it grew. So I’m prepared to do the things that can get done now that can begin to change the lives of ordinary Americans to give him a fighting chance and come back and try to get others later.

And by the way, you got another English professor who teaches writing here.

First of all, professor, you made a very profound point, I’m not being sarcastic. And that is, and Jill uses a slightly different phrase, any country that out educates us will out compete us. Any country that without educates us will I’ll compete us. You have the vast majority of the 37 major countries in the world, economies, we rank 35 in our investment in education. We’re in a situation where, if you think about it, what caused us to move ahead and dominate the 20th century in the late 1900s and the early 1900s, late 1890s, we came up, we said, “12 years of free education.”

… we came up, we said, 12 years of free education. That was revolutionary at the time. I mean, seriously.

Now, if we were sitting down today and saying, “Oh, we got to put together an education system,” raise your hand if anybody thinks 12 years is enough to compete in the 21st century?

So, that’s why what I propose is: free school for every three and four-year-old in America, no matter what their background.

All the data shows that no matter what home they come from, they increase exponentially their prospects of succeeding all the way through 12 years of school. You know all the statistics.

The statistics go that if you come from a home where there’s no books in the home and a single mom or a single dad, they’re not well educated, they don’t talk a lot, the kid from the average middle-class home versus that home will go to school having heard 1 million more words spoken than the child who didn’t. A gigantic disadvantage.

No, I know. I’ve-

Yeah, and I’m going to get it done. And if I don’t, I’ll be sleeping alone for a long time.

But here’s the deal: So far, Mr. Manchin and one other person has indicated they will not support free community college. So what I think we can get done is we can significantly increase the amount of money by 500 bucks a payment for Pell Grants. And Pell Grants are available, and they can apply for up to 30% of the cost of community college and/or college help tuition.

So, it’s not going to get us there. It’s not going to get us the whole thing, but it is a start.

I’m convinced, absolutely, positively convinced that we’re going to be able to… By the way, we have in the legislation, money for community colleges dealing with apprenticeships, dealing with teaching people particular skills that will not get you a two-year degree but will teach you the skill. So, I think we can get all of that done this time out.

But I promise you, I guarantee you, we’re going to get free community college in the next several years and across the board.

Well, the White House has a lot of bedrooms. And she went like this. Down the hall.

No, look, it really makes a gigantic difference. And think of this: You have more countries in the world providing college… I mean, providing professional education beyond 12 years. We rank like, I think it’s… Don’t hold me to the number. I think it’s 16 or 17 in the world. The United States of America, for God’s sake. This is about putting us in the game.

Where are you?

Well, two reasons. If you notice, the Republicans haven’t passed a single, solitary thing. Zero. So ushering through their agenda, their agenda right now is just stop Biden, although I shouldn’t make it so personal. Stop my administration. That’s what the agenda is. It’s much easier to stop something than to start something.

And look, what we did is, when I wrote… I’m going to back up just a second. I apologize. Personally, during the campaign, before I got elected, I wrote the infrastructure bill relating to what we do to highways and all that kind of thing. Hard data. And I wrote what’s now called the care economy piece and has a gigantic piece of environmental pieces in it too.

I went before the joint session of Congress, and I laid out exactly what I was for. And so, I made it clear what I was for. Initially what happened was, I got no support for anything from our Republican friends. And then they said, “Maybe we can work out a bipartisan deal on infrastructure.” And we did. We worked on it. It didn’t give me everything I wanted. It didn’t have as much money in there for the environment, although it has tens of billions of dollars in there, but didn’t have what I wanted in it. But we made a bipartisan deal.

Now, what’s coming along is this reconciliation, they call it a fancy word, for the other pieces that have the childcare pieces, have the economy that relates to allowing people, women to go back to work. It has about $450 billion for environmental remediation, and so on.

And that’s the one that is the issue.

First of all, she’s smart as the devil, number one. Number two, she’s very supportive of the environmental agenda in my legislation, very supportive.

She’s supportive of almost all the things I mentioned, relating to everything from family care to all those issues.

Where she’s not supportive is she says she will not raise a single penny in taxes on the corporate side and/or on wealthy people. Period.

And so, that’s where it sort of breaks down, and there’s a few other issues it breaks down on. But what we’re trying to do is reach a point here where I’m able to present to the Senate, they’re able to vote on, and the House, a serious, serious piece of legislation that changes the dynamic for working-class folks in America and middle-class folks, and begins to have the very wealthy and corporations just begin to pay their fair share, not a lot.

How we get there, we’re down to four or five issues, which I’m not going to negotiate on national television, as you might guess.

No, no, no.

No, no, no. I know. But, all kidding aside, I think we can get there.

Mr. President.

Mr. President, you got it right. The existential threat to humanity is climate change. And when President Trump pulled out of the Paris Accord, which, when I was with the Obama administration, we helped negotiate, the agreement was that we could not… If we reached beyond 1.5 degrees Celsius increase in temperature, we’re gone. Not a joke. Not a joke.

And so, we decided that… He pulled out. First thing I committed to do is rejoin that accord, number one.

But number two, number two, what you have to do is you look at… There’s multiple ways in which we can deal with climate. I’m going off to COP26 in Scotland in… I don’t know, I guess it’s two weeks or a week. I’m losing track of time.

And I’m presenting a commitment to the world that we will, in fact, get to net-zero emissions on electric power by 2035 and net-zero emissions across the board by 2050 or before. But we have to do so much between now and 2030 to demonstrate what we’re going to… that we’re going to do.

Let me give you a couple examples.

No, it hasn’t.

No, it hasn’t. Look-

He’s opposed to it, but here’s the deal. That is only one of well over, well over a trillion dollars’ worth of expenditures for climate change. It’s $150 billion. It’s important.

And what it says is that if, in fact, the utility doesn’t pull back and continue to reduce the amount of carbon that they admit, that what will happen is they will end up paying a penalty. And so, there’s a penalty incurred.

Joe Manchin’s argument is: Look, we still have coal in my state. You’re going to eliminate it eventually. We know it’s going away. We know it’s going to be gone, but don’t rush it so fast that my people don’t have anything to do.

I think that’s not what we should be doing, but the fact of the matter is we can take that $150 billion, add it to the $320 billion that’s in the law now that he’s prepared to support for tax incentives, tax incentives to have people act in a way that they’re going to be able to do the things that need to be do. For example, if you got windows that are the wind is blowing through, you get an incentive to put new windows in your home. You get help, get it paid.

We’re going to significantly reduce the cost of solar panels on your roof. We’re going to continually… And, for example, there’s new battery technologies that are being… I went out in Silicon Valley; there’s a battery that’s about that wide and about that thick. If you have solar power, you put that in your basement and if the sun doesn’t shine for seven days, you still have all the power you need.

No, no, no.

Nothing has been formally agreed to. The negotiation is: I’ve been saying to Joe, “Look, I’ll take… If we don’t do it in terms of the electric grid piece, what we’ll do is, give me that $150 billion. I’m going to add it to be able to do other things that allow me to do things that don’t directly affect the electric grid in the way that there’s a penalty, but allow me to spend the money to set new technologies in place.”

For example, we can save significant amounts of money and, as a consequence of that, significant amounts of energy, if in fact, we are able to put the high-tension wires underground. It costs a hell of a lot more to do it. It creates real good jobs; it creates a hell of a lot more to do it. But, in fact, it would do a lot to keep things from happening that are dangerous. Half the forest fires out West are those towers coming down, setting fires, et cetera.

So there’s a lot of things Joe is open to my convincing him that I can use it to increase environmental progress without it being that particular deal.

First of all, we’ve created more jobs in the first eight months of my administration than any president in American history, total number of jobs created.

But the problem for the people not going back to work is twofold. Number one, they’re reluctant to go back to work because they’re afraid of COVID, many of them. So they don’t want to go back and they don’t want to be exposed to either the customers because they’re not required to wear masks or not required to have shots, or they don’t want to go back because they’re not sure of the people waiting on them at the table, or the people coming up in the food market. So, a lot of it has to do with COVID. Number one.

Number two, and that’s why we were able to go from… When I first was elected, there were only 2 million people who had COVID shots in the United States of America, had the vaccine. Now we got 190 million, because I went out and bought everything I could do, and buy in sight, and it worked. But here’s the deal: The second thing, the second thing that has happened, Anderson, is that people are now using this as an opportunity to say, “Wait a minute, do I want to go back to that $7-an-hour job?”

I won’t name the particular restaurant chain, but they found out when they couldn’t hire anybody. When they found out, they started to pay 20 bucks an hour, everybody wanted to go back to work. Not a joke.

So what you see is wages are actually up for those who are working, because for the first time in a long time, employees are able to bargain. “You’re the boss? You want me to work for you? What are you going to pay me? How are you going to do it?” I’m not being facetious.

The third thing that’s out there is there’s a circumstance that exists where people are really worried about what they’re going to do… I mean, how can I say this?

How many people do you know, and maybe some in this audience, who because of what you’ve been through, a loss of a husband, wife, brother, mother, father, son, whatever, or you’ve had something that’s really impacted you with COVID that you really find yourself just down? I mean just down. And so, there’s a lot of people who are just down. They’re not sure how to get back in the game. They’re not sure whether they want to get back in the game.

Think of this. If you’re graduating from Morgan State, okay? Well, guess what? You didn’t have those great dances the last four years that you’d had before you went out at Morgan. No, I’m not joking. Graduated from high school, you don’t have your prom, you don’t have your graduation, you don’t have all the things that matter to people that go into things they look forward to. So, a lot of it has to do with us getting back on our feet and getting back on our feet in terms of our attitudes about what the future looks like for us.

What I say-

Well, there are. And I tell you what. There’s plenty of help. Look, being down, having some problem in terms of needing some advice, if you have a broken spirit, it’s no different than a broken arm. You shouldn’t be ashamed of it. You should seek the help. There’s a lot of people who can help. But I really mean it. I’m not saying that’s the whole problem, but I’m saying it is an element in terms of attitude about people, what they want.

Look, how often I get asked the question, “What’s Christmas going to be like? How about Thanksgiving? Is it going to be okay? I mean, what’s going to happen? I mean, how will I be able to buy gifts for my kids?” There’s a lot of anxiety people have.

Hello, Anna.

Yes on both, but you have it exactly right. We have a significant supply chain problem. In the Obama-Biden administration, all of American businesses made sense. It was just on time. You wanted to make sure that you didn’t waste any money and/or time between producing whatever you’re producing and having it done. That’s how you saved money. You didn’t buy the material six months ahead of time and then keep it in your inventory and then… It was on time.

Now, that’s a big problem. People can’t do it. They want to get out ahead. What I’ve recently done, and people said, doubted we could get it done. I was able to go to the private… 40% of all products coming into the United States of America on the West Coast go through Los Angeles and… What am I doing here?

Long Beach. Thank you.

And I know both the mayors. So I went to them and I said, “What can we do?” So I met with… And they’re privately owned, these ports-

What can we do? And they’re privately owned, these ports, these two. So I met with the business people. I met with all their major customers, the Walmarts of the world, and all the rest of … There are 70 ships waiting out there, unable to get unloaded. And because the longshoreman don’t always get along with the business folks in there, I have a relationship with them, and I brought them together. And I said, “You got to be open 24/7.” No port there was open five days a week, 40 hours a week. 24/7. They’ve all agreed to it. They’ve agreed to it.

Yes. Absolutely. Positively. I will do that. But in addition to that, what you got to do is you got to get these ships in and unloaded. And one of the things in my infrastructure plan, there’s $16 billion for port expansion. We have to be able to move things along, because what’s happening is when a product your mother may need free for interior design in terms of drapery or colors or something that is imported from somewhere else. Well guess what a lot of these places, particularly in South Asia, are closing down because of COVID, the business is just flat closing.

Yes. And that’s why what we’re doing now-

Well, I have a timetable to … First of all, I want to get the ports up and running and get the railroads and the railheads and the trucks in port, ready to move, because I’ve gotten Walmart and others to say, “We’re going to move stuff off of the port, into our warehouses. We’re -

The answer is yes, if we can’t move … increase the number of truckers, which we’re in a process of doing. If we did it at this moment, we’re not … But the whole point is we’ve got to get to small business as well, because the big guys are in trouble. And a lot of the product that your mother makes, the products, the thing she does in her interior design building, the material she buys from the larger outfits. I assume. I don’t know that. My whole point is small businesses need to help badly. Small businesses make up 60% of all the revenue coming from business out there.

Hey.

Well, there’s a number of things that have already been done, and it’s hard, and people don’t think about it. The American Rescue Plan has provided for an awful lot, the $1.9 billion we passed, right after I got elected. So what you got is you got that $1,400 check in the mail. You got a lot of things that help ameliorate some of the concerns and costs, because we knew what we were coming into. We knew we had inherited the wind and things were going to get worse before they got better.

But in terms of being able to have what my dad used to say, a little breathing room, just a little … My dad busted his neck. He didn’t have a good paying job. My dad was a well-read high school educated guy, who thought his greatest sin in the world was he didn’t get to go to college. But my dad was one of those guys that worked like hell, come home for dinner. And then he’d go back and finish up work and close the shop. And the whole point of it was that all we want to give … All he talked about is, “Joey, all I need is just a little breathing room, a little space, a little space.”

I don’t think so. I don’t think it will last, depending on what we do. If we stay exactly where we are, yes. If we don’t make these investments, yes.

Gas prices relate to a foreign policy initiative that is about something that goes beyond the cost of gas. We’re about three 30 a gallon, most places now, when it’s down in the single digits, I mean, a dollar plus. And that’s because of the supply being withheld by OPEC. And so, there’s a lot of negotiation that is … There’s a lot of Middle Eastern folks who want to talk to me. I’m not sure I’m going to talk to them. But the point is it’s about gas production. There’s things we can do in the meantime though.

My guess is you’ll start to see gas prices come down as we get by and going into the winter … I mean, excuse me, into the next year in 2022. I don’t see anything that’s going to happen. In the meantime, it’s going to significantly reduce gas prices.

But for example, for natural gas to heat your home, since winter is coming, there’s a lot of … What people don’t realize. We put in billions of dollars in what they call LIHEAP. LIHEAP is the provision whereby you’re able to get funding from the federal government based upon your need to heat your home and is subsidized in a significant way. And there’s billions of dollars. We have passed in the legislation I got passed in March of this year, because we anticipated that would be a problem as well. But the answer ultimately is, ultimately, meaning the next three or four years, is investing in renewable energy.

What I was able to do by … By the way, I really … I mean, I’m being literally when I say this, what was able to do when I ran, and you remember Anderson, because I was on your show a couple of times. And the issue was whether or not I could ever get the labor unions to support my environmental programs. And I went out and I went to the IBW as well to the auto workers. And I laid out my plan. They fully embraced it. Why? Because now … And I spent time at General Motors and other companies, and I got General Motors … I didn’t get them. General Motors decided after a long time spent talking to me, they were suing California because at a higher standard mileage standard, they dropped the suit and agreed that they would be 50% electric vehicles by 2030, by 2030.

And now you have all three major manufacturers saying the same thing. So what’ll happen is you’re going to see a dramatic drop, a dramatic drop, in what’s going to happen in terms of gas prices as we go into the next two or three years, even if we’re not able to break the monopoly price keeping it up because … Anyway, so there’s … I must tell you, I don’t have a near term answer. There’s two things I could do. I could go into the petroleum reserve and take out and probably reduce the price of gas, maybe 18 cents or so a gallon. It’s still going to be above three bucks. And one of the things that I refuse to have happen, because I didn’t want anybody …. I made a commitment. If you pass the stuff I’m talking about, not one single penny in tax would go against anybody making less than 400 grand.

And so, if you notice, these highway bills are not paid for by gas tax, they’re paid for by direct expenditures in other areas. So the average person doesn’t have to pay more, but it’s going to be hard. It’s going to be hard. There’s a possibility to be able to bring it down. Depends on a little bit on Saudi Arabia and a few other things that are in the offing.

I believe, and I want to make it clear, unlike past administrations, science will dictate this. I’m not telling anyone … No, I really mean it. But I do ask my COVID team what the expectations are. The expectations are to be ready in the near term, meaning weeks, not months and months. Okay? That’s number one.

Number two, there are over 800,000 sites right now that exists in America, where you can go get a vaccine. And you’re going to be able to do that with your children. Particularly, we’re going to try to work it out to deal with childcare centers, make it available there as well as your pediatricians and the docs and finding places where you can do it. Some places are talking about doing that in churches on the weekend and that kind of thing. So there’ll be plenty of places to be able to get the vaccine if and when it is approved.

And it’s likely to be approved. I’ve spent a lot of time with the team on these things. It’s likely to be approved. And whether it’s Moderna, or whether it’s Pfizer, or whether it’s J & J, it’s going to be approved. And it’ll be much smaller dose, the same dose with a smaller dose. And they’re doing a lot of tests on it right now. And those of you who have children or brothers or sisters who are in that age category above 12, get the vaccine for them. Get the vaccine. Get it now

By the way, there’s two famous guys in this audience here I just noticed, Ben Cardin and Chris Van Hollen and the mayor. Holy mackerel. This a busman’s holiday for you guys, having to come and hear me, but thank you.

Yes. Yes. By the way, I waited until July to talk about mandating, because I tried everything else possible. The mandates are working. All this stuff about people leaving and people . You have everyone from United Airlines to … All these airlines, we’re not going to get … All 96, 97% of the people have gotten the vaccine. All the talk about all these folks who are going to leave the military, if they’re mandated. Not true. You got about a 90 some percent vaccination rate.

The idea is that look, the two things that concern me, one are those who just try to make this a political issue. Freedom. I have the freedom to kill you with my COVID. Come on, freedom. Number one, number two. The second one is the gross misinformation that’s out there, like what they’re saying about my buddy, Colin Powell.

And he was my friend, passed away. Colin Powell was vaccinated, and he still died. Well, he knew he had serious underlying conditions, and it would be difficult. He clearly would have been gone earlier, had he not gotten the vaccine, had he not gotten the shots. But my generic point is there’s so much misinformation.

You know what I find fascinating? I turn on Fox to find out how popular I am, but-

I’m doing very well. I think I’m at 3% favorable. But all kidding aside, one of the things I find, you realize they mandate vaccinations?

Yeah. I find that mildly fascinating.

Mildly fascinated.

First of all, you’ve stated the proposition accurately, in my view. I did get overwhelming support from the African-American community. Only folks in Maryland understand Delaware is the eighth largest black in America, as a percent of population. It’s been a source of my support. The only folks that helped me more than black men are black women. I tell you what my greatest regret is. My greatest regret is I have these had these three major pieces of legislation that are going to change the circumstances for working-class folks and African-Americans as well, that I’ve been busting my neck trying to pass. But what it’s done is prevented me from getting deeply up to my ears, which I’m going to do once this is done, in dealing with police brutality, dealing with the whole notion, of what are we going to do about voting rights? It’s the greatest assault on voting rights in the history of United States, for real, since the Civil War.

For example, when I was in the chair, when I was chairman of the judiciary committee, I thought I had done something really important. And I was able to get passed and extended the Voting Rights Act for 25 years and get everyone on that committee, including the Southern Senator from South Carolina and others, to vote for it. I thought we had moved. The point I’m making is this. We’re in a terrible place right now. And so, when this gets done … And in the meantime, here’s what I’ve done. I have the authority to deal with federal law enforcement. So federal law enforcement, we’ve issued mandates. No choke holds number one. Make sure that we’re going to be able to have no no-knock warrants in a position, where we’re going to be able to see to it that we are able to go look at, and we’re doing it in four cities right now, patterns of abuse and patterns of misconduct of police departments, making sure that we have access to police records in terms of what’s happening to this. A lot I’ve been able to do by executive order, in essence.

By the way, I think they make a very good point. Here’s the deal.

If in fact, I get myself into, at this moment, the debate on the filibuster, I lose at least three votes right now, to get what I have to get done on the economic side of the equation, the foreign policy side of the equation. So what I have said … You’re shaking your head, no, but let me tell you something, Jack, it’s the truth. Number one. Number two, number two, what I have for proposed in the meantime is it used to be the filibuster, the way it worked, and we have 10 times as many, more than that, times the filibuster has been used since 1978.

It used to be, you had to stand on the floor and exhaust everything you had. And when you gave up the floor and someone else sought the floor, they had to talk until they finished. You’re only allowed to do it a second time. After that, it’s over, you vote, somebody moves for the vote. I propose we bring that back now immediately.

But I also think we’re going to have to move to the point, where we fundamentally alter the filibuster. The idea that for example, my Republican friends say that we’re going to default on the national debt because they’re going to filibuster that and we need 10 Republicans to support it, is the most bizarre thing I’ve ever heard. I think you’re going to see unless they get pulled again, I think you’ll see an awful lot of Democrats being ready to say, “Not me. I’m not doing that again. We’re going to end the filibuster.” But it still is difficult to end the filibuster beyond that. That’s another issue.

Well that remains to be seen exactly what that means in terms of fundamentally altering it, whether or not we just end the filibuster straight up. There are certain things that are just sacred rights. One’s a sacred obligation that we’re never going to renege on a debt we’re in the only nation in the world. We have never ever reneged on on a single debt.

Voting rights uniquely is consequential.

And maybe more.

No, the way I said it was not appropriate. I said, “They asked me, would I?” Do I think that they should be prosecuted for not showing up at the committee. And I said yes. Now I made a commitment, one of the things I was committed to do when I ran was reestablish the reputation and integrity of the justice department. It has become the most… It was corrupted under the last administration. I should have chose. My words were wisely. I did not, have not, and will not pick up the phone and call the attorney general and tell him what he should or should not do in terms of who he should prosecute. But I answered the question honestly, and I think that anyone who does not respond to that kind of question from a legitimate committee in the house of representatives of the United States Senate should be held accountable. So that’s as much as I can say without coming and looking like I’m telling… I have yet to talk to the attorney general about anything.

And they will. I guarantee that.

Well again, I’m leaving that to them to tell me what… And it’s not a blanket. I will not release the information. It’s I’m asking him to take a look at what is legitimate, what would legitimately fall in the position that future president’s authority would be compromised by that. And what is, I don’t think there’s much legitimacy in the claim. So that’s being looked at right now.

How much more time…

Well they’re legitimate questions. Number one, the remain in Mexico policy, which I oppose, the court said I had to maintain it, so we’re repealing it. That’s one of the reasons why we haven’t changed it. We have made a gigantic change. There were over 5,000 children, children in the custody of the border patrol. There are now 504. We are making more progress than you think and we have a circumstance where one of the things that is going to bear fruit, I believe, is I put together a program when I was a Senator and the vice president helping initiate it now where we provide for funding to change the circumstances on the ground in the countries and central America. For example, you’re in a circumstance where people don’t just sit around their hand you in table and say, “I’ve got a great idea. Let’s sell everything we have, give it to a coyote. Then take us across the border, drop us in the desert, a place they don’t want us. Won’t that be fun?”

People do it because they’re desperate. They’re desperate. And what I’ve been trying to do, and I’m trying to do in this legislation as well is get funding so we have funding for immigration officers to be able to hear cases immediately of whether or not they justify having asylum granted to them. We don’t have that.

Yes, and we’ve maintained that because of the continued extent of COVID in those countries from which people are coming. It’s very, very high. And so we’ve maintained the policy. We are not sending back children. We send back adults and we send back large families, but we don’t send back children in that circumstance. And so that’s why I have a proposal to provide for over a billion doses of COVID vaccine to the rest of the world, including a significant portion to Latin and Central America.

I’ve been there before and I know it well, I guess I should go down. But the whole point of it is I haven’t had a whole hell lot of time to get down. I’ve been spending time going around looking at the $900 billion worth of damage done by hurricanes and floods and weather and traveling around the world. Now my wife Jill has been down, she’s been on both sides of the river. She’s seen the circumstances there. She’s looked into those places. You notice you’re not seeing a lot of pictures of kids lying on top of one another with tarps on top of them. We’ve been able to deal that we’ve been able to significantly increase funding through the HHS, health and human services, to provide shelter for these kids and people, but there’s much more to be done.

And I realize, it’s a thing that concerns the most about being able to get control of it because I’ve got to, number one, get enough funding to provide for immediate determination of whether or not someone that is in fact legitimately claiming a right to stay in the country because of legitimate fears and if purely for economic reasons to get in line, but not get in the country. So what we’re doing is bringing a lot of folks are coming in and they’re doing ankle bracelets instead of people being sent back, depending on whether or not their claim appears to be legitimate.

Well it depends what they mean by that. Look, I grew up in a neighborhood-

Well it could. I think you need police officers. I think we need police officers to protect us. I think they have to be under certain circumstances, but I think we have to provide for them more opportunities… I call for more money for police to go to community policing as well as dealing with additional help for psychologists and others working with the police departments.

No, I haven’t. I’ve never supported it, but I have been a fan of controlling police and making sure they’re held accountable. They’re two different issues. And one of the things… Look, when we had community policing initially in the late ’90s, violent crimes dropped significantly, significantly. And the reason it did is because we had significant number of police. What I did, I eliminated the LEAA funding, law enforcement assistance act, and I put in place the proposal that required community policing. What that meant was if you were… This is going to take a second, but it’s important if. What that meant, if your city had authorized police force of 100 people, you could not take the money for community policing and fire 50 people and rehire 50 so now you just had the federal government paying for half, and you didn’t increase the number of police.

You had to increase the number of police beyond your whatever… So I remember my son Bo was the chief law enforcement officer of the state of Delaware as attorney general in the state of Delaware. And he used to do what I did. He’d go down the east side where you can find the best basketball in the city, every town has those places. And he’d sit there on the bench with my son, my grandson Hunter, who’s now 16, who was then five sit on the bench and he’d get to know these guys and he’d walk over and he knock on the window of a police car that was sitting there, the cop not getting out of the car and said, “Get the hell out of the car and meet these folks.” No, I’ll give you one example. What we required initially was every community policeman, there were two assigned… They were assigned in groups of two.

They had to know the neighborhood. I remember getting a call, you’ve been to Delaware. You go down that road. As you’re heading down to the station, Martin Luther king Boulevard, there’s a woman who lived in one of those apartments in the second floor that sort of had an outcropping. It was a Victorian, it was a two story place. But the cops made sure she had their phone number. So when the drug deal was going down, she’d pick up the phone and call and say to the police officer with a cell phone that the drug deals going down, knowing she would never be fingered, knowing that she would never be the one told it happened. And so crime began to drop. They had to know who the local liquor store, they had to know and walk in and shake hands with the local minister. They had to know… That’s community policing.

Let me try to get in a couple other questions from our audience, but before we do, just another quick news question. New York City is removing a statute of Thomas Jefferson from its legislative chamber because of Jefferson’s history as a slave holder. Do you support that decision?

Well I think that’s up to the locality to decide what they want to do on that. Look, there’s a lot of people that have no social redeeming value historically, and there’s others who have made serious mistakes in terms of what exists now in terms of what we should be talking about, but have done an awful lot. And so the very thing, for example, I just spoke at the Martin Luther King dedication and I pointed out that we were right across from the Lincoln Memorial and then the Jefferson Memorial and what are we doing? I talked about how they said we’re unique in all the world as a nation. We’re the only nation founded on an idea. We hold these truths to be self evident that all men and women are created equal. No nation has ever been founded on an idea. Have we ever lived up to it? No, but it’s a pretty big idea that somebody wrote that down and got the rest of the country to agree to it. So it depends. It depends.

Where in Connecticut are you from.

That’s great.

Yes and yes. We are… Militarily, China, Russia, and the rest of the world knows we have the most powerful military in history of the world. Don’t worry about whether they’re going to be more powerful, what you do have to worry about is whether or not they’re going to engage in activities will put them in a position where they may make a serious mistake. And so I’ve spoken and spent more time with Zi Xing Ping than any other world leader has. That’s why you hear people saying, ” Biden wants to start a new cold war with China.” I don’t want a cold war with China I just want to make China to understand that we are not going to step back, we are not going to change any of our views.

Yes, we have a commitment to do that.

He had enormous integrity. They knew that, but he’s one of the few serious, serious players I’ve dealt with over these years. When he made a mistake, he acknowledges it. He said, “I was wrong about that.”

No, it’s rare. It’s been rare. It’s rare in human nature for someone in a powerful position to say they are wrong, they are wrong. “I made a mistake.” That’s a hard thing to do. And I’ve had to do about a half a dozen times lately, but all kidding aside. And the second thing about him was he had a lot of serious… He had real compassion. I’ll tell you afterwards, but because we only have a few minutes, he and I went out to the secret service racetrack. He had a brand new Corvette his kids bought him and I have a ’67 327 350. And we raced, we raced. And the only reason… I’m serious, it was on Jay Leno. Check it out. Jay Leno Live. He’s a hell of a guy.

Well I won only because he was worried I was going to crash into him because I don’t have posi traction. So I was burning rubber the whole way out there and I could see him going, “Whoa.”

60 seconds, we got in the car to go over to the department of education after we did that.

No, no. He got in the car and he was laughing like hell. I said, “What’s so damn funny?” He told me, I whispered in his ear this way. I look to see where it was, “And this is a big deal.” And I didn’t realize the guy behind me was lip reading. You could see it. No, I’m serious. The answer is, yes, this is bigger. No, it is bigger, not because what he did wasn’t enormous. He broke the ice. Enormous. But part of what I have in here is we also increased access to the affordable care act and we reduced the price in average of 60 bucks a month for anyone who’s in the affordable care act. Plus on top of that, we have another $300 billion worth of healthcare in it. So I would say this is a bigger darn deal.Don’t forget your mask.

Yeah. Hello, Michigan. It’s good to be back. It really is. And John, thank you for that introduction. Truth of the matter is, is the reason why the American Labor Movement across the board has the single best workers in the world because you’re the best trained. I wish the American people understood how much serious, serious training goes into being a union worker. I really mean it. You’re the best in the world. I was kidding. Someone said to me earlier that I said, I’m a union President. I’m a President who supports unions, not labor unions. And someone pointed out to me that I allegedly have used the word union as President more than the last seven presidents combined. You built the country. No, not a joke. You have built the country and it’s great to be here with several excellent members of Congress. Elissa Slotkin, Alyssa, you don’t want to screw around with her. She’s an intelligence officer as well. So she’s forgotten more than most of you know, but thanks for riding out with me and thanks for the advice you’ve given me and I mean that sincerely and how we’re going to make sure that everything we do here is paid for and not a single penny raised in taxes of anybody making under $400,000.

Debbie, you’re the best in the world. You and John have been friends of mine for so, so long. You’ve stepped in and taken over in a way that I think has had to be both emotionally difficult, but you’ve done an incredible job and I consider you one of my great friends. Thank you. Dan, you’re okay, Dan. You ain’t quite like the woman’s sitting next to you, but all kidding aside, Dan, you’ve done a great, I really mean it. You’re always there for everything. It’s important to constituents and you understand what I’m going to talk about a little bit later. The way we built this country is from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down and you get it.

Andy, as my dad would say, you got good blood kid and thank you for what you’re doing. Thank you for stepping in and thank you for the great job you do. Michigan, it’s also fortunate to have an outstanding United States Senators who are doing what they’re supposed to do. They’re in Washington because the Senate’s in. Debbie and Gary are in Washington now to cast some really important votes to keep things moving. And of course, it’s great to be with my friend. We become friends, an outstanding governor, one of the best governors in the United States of America and her Lieutenant governor who covers her in every way, both in terms of physically and mentally and every other way, and thank you for all you did to help me get elected. I really mean it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Look, I know there’s a lot of noise in Washington. There always is, but it seems to me a little more than usual now. A whole lot of hyperbole, a lot of heat and I’m here today to try to set some things straight if I can. I want to talk about what’s fundamentally at stake for our country now at this moment. I know it’s an overused phrase, but I’ve been using it a lot. We’re at an inflection point. Anywhere from 40 to 80 years in America, there’s an inflection point. We have to choose what direction we’re going to go, what we’re going to do. Not Democrat, Republican, but who we going to be?

For a long time, America set the pace across the entire globe. For the better part of the 20th century, we led the world by a significant margin in investments in ourselves, in our people, in our country. We invested in our infrastructure, in our roads, highways, bridges, ports, airports, and the arteries of the nation that allow commerce to function smoothly and swiftly and allow us to generate significant income. We’ve invested in our people and opportunity. We’re among the first to provide access for example to free education. It’s the reason why in the 20th century we began to take off.

It was back in the late 1890s, we decided among the first countries that we were going to be the first nation that every single American, regardless of their background, wasn’t at a time regardless of their background, but based on income would have free 12 years of education. We invested to win the space race. We led the world in research and development, which led to the creation of the internet, but then something happened. We slowed up, we stopped investing in ourselves. America’s still the largest economy in the world. We still have the most productive workers and the most innovative minds in the world, but we’re risk losing our edge as a nation.

Our infrastructure used to be the best in the world, literally not figuratively. Today, according to the World Economic Forum, we rank 13th, our infrastructure, 12 nations have a better infrastructure than we do, which means they can move product. They can do so many things better than we can do it. We’re among the first in the world to guarantee access to universal education. Now, the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development ranks America 35th out of 37 major countries when it comes to investing in early childhood education as a percent of GDP, think of that. Think of that. Of all the industrial nations in the world, the instinct Americans would say, if you asked them 25 years ago, they’d say, we’re number one. We are not. There’s only two industrial nations that are lower than us.

All those investments that fueled the strong economy, we’ve taken our foot off the gas. I don’t know what’s happened. The world has taken notice by the way, including our adversaries, and now they’re closing the gap in a big way. So it’s essential that we regain our momentum that we’ve lost. The work of our time, it seems to me, those of us who hold public office is prepare ourselves to be more competitive and to win the fast changing 21st century in the global economy. Things are changing incredibly quickly. That’s why I propose two critical pieces of legislation being debated back in Washington right now.

The first, a bill to invest in our physical infrastructure and the second is the bill to invest in our human infrastructure. I’ll talk about both these bills in just a moment, but first I want to set one thing straight. These bills are not about left versus right or moderate versus progressive or anything that pits Americans against one another. These bills are about competitiveness versus complacency. They’re about opportunity versus decay. They’re about leading the world or continue to let the world pass us by, which is literally happening. So support these investments is to create a rising America. America that is moving. Propose these investments is to be complicit in America’s decline.

To support these bills and to pursue a broader vision of our nation and oppose them is to accept a very cramped view of our future. This isn’t about two pieces of legislation. It’s about the inflection point I mentioned earlier. We are in our history, the world history. So here’s what I’m proposing. First, the infrastructure bill. It’s about rebuilding our roads, our highways, our bridges, our ports, our airports, our broadband, all the things that need repair. Our arteries of our economy have always been fueled by the economic might and dynamism of Americans.

Across the country right now, 45,000 bridges and 173,000 miles of roads according to engineers,  engineers, are in poor condition, right now, including more than 1200 bridges as the governor’s been fighting to repair here in your state. 7,300 miles of roads here in Michigan. I’ll bet everyone in this room can tell me what the most dangerous intersection in this town or any town they live in and where it is, that you hold your breath when you’re driving over, trying to cross the street. Not a joke. Working with the governor and members of the Congress here, we’re going to put hard working Americans like the operating engineers here and how on the job to bring back our infrastructure to bring it up to speed. Good union jobs, not 12, 15, 18. Prevailing wage jobs, wage that gives you dignity, that you can raise a family on, that you can hold your head up. This is a blue collar blueprint for how we restore America’s pride. These are jobs that can’t be outsourced.

We’re going to put plumbers and pipe fitters to work, replacing lead pipes in America so families and children can drink clean water. 400,000 schools. I mean, it’s not just our homes. It’s across the country. We’re going to put line workers and electricians to work laying thousands of miles of transmission lines and to build a modern infrastructure and energy grid. We’re going to make high speed internet affordable and available to everywhere in America. We’re talking about on the way over with Alyssa, that how short the number of people have access to the internet here because of the lack of investment.

We’re going to make the largest investment in public transit in American history, and we’re going to make the most important investment in our rail system since the creation of Amtrak 50 years ago. Let me tell you, our competitors aren’t hanging around and waiting, see what we’re going to do. They’ve been pouring billions of dollars into infrastructure and into this training their people for years now. Take China, for example.

Now, I’ve been clear that China uses unfair COSIA practices to get ahead into their competitors, but that’s not the whole of the story. They also invest in themselves. In recent years, China has spent around three times as much on infrastructure as a share of their economy than we have, three times, and they’re not slowing.

Yesterday, my US trade representative delivered an important speech on our competition with China. She pointed out that China made a major investment in steel plants beginning about 20 years ago. In the last 20 years, half of American’s steel companies have been shuttered. We went from 100 US steel companies to 51 and employment in American steel industry dropped by 40% since the year 2000. China now produces more steel in one month than America does in an entire year. You can see it in the sector after sector.

Other countries are speeding up and America’s falling behind. We’ve got to reset the pace again. We got to set a different pace. For example, here in Michigan, we need to make sure that American auto workers lead the world electric vehicles. And some of you came to the White House when I had the Chairman of the Board of General Motors, Chrysler and Ford, and what did they decided to do.

… forward, and what did they decide to do? They decided they were going to lead the world and they were going to build more of the electric vehicles than any other country, but guess what? China’s not waiting around. They manufacturer more than twice as many electric vehicles as we have over the last decade. They control more than 75% of the battery market. And they’re poised to invest another 14 billion dollars in charging capacity now in their country. Back in May, I had the chance to tour Ford’s new state-of-the-art facility in Dearborn where union workers are building the first ever all electric Ford F150. I got to drive that sucker.

It’s quick. Zero to 60 in 4.1 seconds, and it’s a big boy. It’s a big one. Months later I hosted the big three auto makers at the White House where the Ford 150 was joined by the GMC Hummer and the Jeep Wagoner, all going electric, all in partnership with the UAW. The whole world knows that the future of the auto industry is electric. We need to make sure America builds that future instead of falling behind. We should build those vehicles and the batteries to get them here in the United States of America. That’s where we should build them, here in the state of Michigan. I want those jobs and I really mean it. I want those jobs here in Michigan, not halfway around the globe.

That’s what my plan will do. The infrastructure bill will put in motion the union workers on the job installing a national network of hundreds of thousands of charging stations along our roads and highways and communities, or 500,000 of them. And by the way, parenthetically when you build a charging station it’s like back in the day when my grand pop worked for the  oil company back in the turn of the 1920s in that area. They went from state to state, convention people, that a lot of them put 20,000 gallons of gasoline under the ground. They didn’t want them around. But guess what happened? Everything builds up around them.

You put these charging stations along the highway you’re going to see a significant economic development go well beyond the charging station, and the Build Back Better Plan will boost our manufacturing capacity investing in new and retool facilities and employ American workers with good wages and benefits. That includes grants to kickstart new battery and parts productions, purchasing incentives for families to buy clean union made vehicles like the ones championed by Debbie and Dan and the Senate and the House.

And loans, and tax credits, to boost clean vehicle manufacturing. Look, these are the kinds of investments that get America back in the game and give our workers a chance. My plan also makes historic investments in clean energy including tax credits to help people do things like weatherize their homes, install solar panels, develop clean energy products, to help businesses produce more clean energy. All told, this project will save literally hundreds of millions of barrels of oil on a yearly basis. It’s not a joke.

These credits, those credits could cut the cost of installing a rooftop solar by about 30%, helping families cut the utility bills, and helping the country cut its emissions. My infrastructure bill will put Americans to work in long overdue national environmental cleanups. I want a job corps just like Roosevelt wanted a job corps, but an environmental job corps of over 1.6 million people. That means good jobs and prevailing wages capping hundreds of thousands of abandoned oil wells.

We have thousands and thousands of abandoned oil wells, and gas wells, and methane with methane leaks. Guess what? The miners and the people who dug those wells they’ll get paid the same amount of money to cap them now. It’s going to help us meet the moment of the climate crisis and do away with … It’s going to create good jobs, make us more economically competitive. Folks, here in Michigan you all know the cost of extreme weather. All remember the flooding this summer that shut down parts of I-96. The power outages and the tornado warnings. They’re costing your state billions of dollars.

Nationally, last year, last year because extreme weather it cost America 99 billion dollars. 99 billion tax payers’ dollars. I went all over the country. I went out west to the fires. More has burned down in the northwest than the entire state of New Jersey. That’s how much we’ve lost. You see what’s happened with the droughts that are out there. You see reservoirs that are down 30, 40, 50 feet. There’s worried about the cooling down. You’re worried about what the Colorado River’s going to do.

This is a big deal. This is gigantic. And we’re not going to ease up. We’re not going to ease up in any of this. We have to invest in resilience, resilience. You saw Texas. Their entire power grid went down, because they had no resilience, the ability to build back and build things stronger. Why a lot of those fires in the far west? Because guess what? It’s a hell of a lot safer to have those wires underground, not being knocked down by high winds and tornadoes and the like causing fires.

Look, we haven’t passed a major infrastructure bill for decades in this country. It used to be a normal thing to do. It used to be a bipartisan thing to do. If we get this done we’re going to breathe new life into our economy and our workers and we’re going to breathe cleaner air. Economists left, right, and center agree.

Earlier this year, Wall Street, not some liberal think tank, Wall Street, and a Wall Street outfit called Moody’s projected that the investments in these bills could help our economy create an additional two million jobs per year every year. Two million per year. That’s going to be transformative. And here’s the deal, the jobs in my plan are people who too often felt left behind and were left behind, left out. 90% of the jobs in this bill, these bills, in my infrastructure plan don’t require a four year college degree.

We need to get this done, but it isn’t enough just to invest in our physical infrastructure we’re going to lead the world like we used to, if we’re going to do that we have to also invest in our people like you do right here in this training facility. That’s why my second bill the Build Back Better Plan that’s what it does. Take education for example. When America said everyone is entitled to 12 years of free public education universal a century ago it gave us the best educated, best prepared, workforce in the world, and that was one of the reasons why America began to grow so rapidly. It’s a big part of why we led the world the bulk of the 20th century.

But guess what? If we were going to put together a committee today like they did in 1898 I think it was, and we were going to invent a public education system is there any chance that we’d say that we thought 12 years was enough in the 21st century, just 12 years? I don’t think so. Study after study shows that the earlier our children begin to learn in school, not daycare, the better for themselves, for their families, no matter what the background they come from, no matter what their background.

Recent university studies point out that they’re increased by 56% the chance for them to get all the way through 12 years of school without getting in trouble. It’s a gigantic deal. It doesn’t matter whether mom or dad no how to read or write, or the home is a home that is challenging. But right now, we’re lagging behind while other countries are investing in their children. Today, only about half of three and four year olds in America are enrolled in early childhood education.

In Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Latvia that number’s more than 90%, 90% of their three and four year olds. We’re falling further and further behind the curve. It’s not just through education. According to one study we ranked 33 out of 44 advanced economies when it comes to the percentage of our young people who have obtained a post high school degree, anything after high school. We’re at the bottom of the heap.

I bet if that was on a quiz, you’re on one of these quiz shows and they ask you that, you would’ve said maybe we’re two, or three, or four. It’s ridiculous. My Build Back Better Plan gets us back on track. We’ll make four additional years of public education available to every person in America, two years of high quality preschool at the front end, and investments in community colleges so our students can gain skills they need to carve out a place for themselves in the 21st century economy.

And also increase Pell Grants. There’re grants for kids making families less than 50 grand, helping their folks, helping them get through community college or historically black colleges in order to be able to get a shot so they can live, they can eat, while they’re going to school. And we’ll invest in historical black college and universities as our central asset to help and support and to make sure the young people of every background and circumstance have a shot at good paying jobs.

Look, this bill also invests in our workforce by providing so much needed breathing room for working families. After all, how can we compete in the world if millions of American parents, especially moms, can’t join the workforce because they can’t afford the cost of childcare or elder care and have to stay home? For example, here in Michigan the average two parent family spends $10,400 on childcare costs for just one child each year. 30 years ago the United States ranked sixth, sixth, among advanced economies and the share of women in the workforce.

Do you know what we are today? 23. 22 countries have a higher percentage of their women in the workforce making a competitive wage than the United States. While the competitors are investing in the care economy we’re standing still. And the fact is millions of American parents are feeling the squeeze. They’re having a hard time doing their job, earning a paycheck, while taking care of their children or aging parents, and at the same time in the sandwich generation.

My Build Back Better Plan’s going to change that because it costs the cost of childcare for most Michigan families by more than half. It’s going to extend a historic middle class tax cut to the childcare tax credit which we passed in my American Rescue Plan. Now, most people don’t know if you walk to the average informed person, doctor, lawyer, or whatever and said childcare tax credit they’re not sure what that means, but what it means is if you were making a decent salary and you had two kids, or three kids, or four under the age of 18 you get to deduct $2,000 for each child off your bottom line in your taxes you owe.

Guess what? If you’re making 15 bucks an hour you don’t have any taxes to pay like that, so guess what? You’ve got nothing. Zero. Zero. No help. My friends on the other team have no problem giving billionaires and millionaires-

My friends on the other team have no problem giving billionaires and millionaires gigantic tax breaks. This is a tax cut. What it does is, now and it’s in place, and people in your state are understanding it now, instead of it provides it upped the ante how much you could get for a child under seven, you get 3,600 bucks tax cut on a yearly basis, and you get 3,000 for a child under 17. But, guess what we did? That means we’re doing on a monthly basis now. It means you’re getting either 300 a month or 200 a month, just like your social security check at home. It’s cut child poverty by 40%. That money’s already a life-changer for so many working families, and as I said… Actually I was wrong, in Michigan it’s 44% cut in child poverty. We need to keep it going.

My plan is going to put Americans to work constructing the rehabilitating safe and affordable housing to help ease the cost of housing while generating even more jobs. Most of the major metropolitan areas of America, you can’t afford the housing and it helps to meet the moment on climate change as well. We’re setting the course for America to achieve 50 to 52% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, for us to reach net zero emissions by 2050. This bill helps us get there in a way that creates good jobs, makes us global leaders of fast growing, clean energy industries, like electric vehicles, solar and wind power and battery power. The bottom line is this, when we give working families a break, we’re not just raising their quality of life, we’re putting parents in a position to earn a paycheck. We’re also positioning our country to compete in the world.

That’s what these bills are all about. If you want proof, just come to this training facility, this is where hardworking folks come to learn how to operate road graders and so much more, where workers use virtual reality and the master operating a crane and they learn how to deal with drones to look underneath the bridges and so on, where young people in Michigan show up and emerge as expert technicians, engineers, heavy equipment operators. They leave here with a shot at something great, a union job with good wages and benefits that allow them to maintain their dignity and their pride. It’s a ticket to the middle class. This is where the economy starts with you, your skills, your dreams, and your limitless potential. The only thing we’ve been missing is the will from Washington to finally build an economy around you, an economy that gives you and your family a fighting chance to get ahead, gives our country a fighting chance to compete with the rest of the world.

We can’t get here thinking small. We have to think big. Let me be clear, we need to prepare for 10 years down the line. That’s what these bills do. Both these bills spend out over 10 years, not in the first year. So, if you take the infrastructure bill, folks, it’s described as a $1.2 trillion bill. What that means is that of all those investments in road, bridges, high-speed internet, water, everything else, all of it would be less than one half of 1% of our economy each year and it’s all paid for. And, they don’t increase the debt because they’re paid for by asking the very wealthy to begin to pay their fair share. As a matter of fact, a significant portion of this plan cuts taxes for working people. And best of all, the cost of these bills in terms of adding to the deficit is zero.

And, I made a commitment when I wrote these when I was running. No one making under $400,000 a year will see a penny in their taxes go up. That’s why in the infrastructure bill, there is no gas tax increase because people making under 400 would have to pay more. It’s simple, you’re working here at this facility, your spouse is a teacher or a firefighter, there’s no reason why, combined, why millionaires and billionaires in this country should be paying at a lower tax rate that you do. Hear me again now, a lower tax rate. A police officer, a teacher, a union crane operator, and a nurse, they paid a higher tax rate, a higher tax rate, than the significant portion of the major corporations in America and the super wealthy. Look, it isn’t right. Is that right that 55 of the largest corporations in America, in this country… And, I come from the corporate capital of the world. More corporations are incorporated in the state of Delaware than every other state combined, but you know how much those 55 companies… I could go on to more than that, they made over $40 billion and they paid zero in federal income tax. Since the pandemic began, the number of billionaires, and I forget the exact number there are in America, have seen their wealth go up collectively by $ 1 trillion. It isn’t fair, it needs to change. Look, working folks understand that. That’s why despite the attacks and misinformation, my plan has overwhelming support in the polling data from the American people. They understand what’s at stake. They understand that workers and families have a better shot, Americans have a better shot. I’m a capitalist. I think you should be able to go out and make $1 million or one billion, but just pay your fair share.

Join the crowd, man. They know that this is about dignity and respect. It’s about changing the paradigm, so the economy works for you, not just for those at the very top. It’s about building this economy from the bottom up and the middle out. That’s what I’ve done my entire career. That’s why I ran for president. As I said, I’m a capitalist. I think you should be able to make a lot of money in America, but just pay your fair share, pay your fair share. I took this agenda to the country. They said it was time to build an economy that looks out from Scranton, Pennsylvania, where I grew up as a kid, instead of looking down from Wall Street, an economy looks out from Howell, Michigan, and towns like it all over America that brings people from every race, background, religion into the game.

And not withstanding some of the signs that I saw come, that’s why 81 million Americans voted for me, the largest number of votes in American history, a clear majority who supported when they supported me. Look, it’s now time to deliver. Let me close with this. The world’s watching, not a joke. The autocrats of the world believe the world is moving so rapidly that democracies can’t generate consensus quickly enough to bring their people together to get things done. They think democracy is not a joke. My meetings with Putin, my meetings with Xi Jinping and other leaders, they truly believe that we can’t compete in the 21st century because things are moving so fast, democracies takes so much time that they are so divided that they can’t get together in time to act. They believe they’ll win the day and they can dictate their way forward and leave us behind.

They’re betting, not a joke there, they’re betting for the first time we weren’t responding to this inflection point in history, that we’ll fail to rise to the occasion, but you’ve heard me say it a lot of times, it’s never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people, never. Look, just look back a little ways. After World War II, the United States did what we’re trying to do now, invested in the American people to lead the world. At the time, presidents and Congress of both parties and Americans of all political views stepped up. I’m not being sentimental here. There was racial discrimination, it was a fact of life. We know how deep rooted racism is in this country. We saw the Klan marching here in Howell generations ago and again in recent years. It’s a never ending battle, but think about what also unfolded in these critical decades, a great protest movement. Some of the nations was promised of equity. The GI Bill sent millions of veterans to college. The federal government helped make home ownership possible because it’s the vehicle by which people can generate wealth. Most of us who come from lower middle-class backgrounds, that’s how our parents were able to generate any wealth, the investments in our home. For those who could previously only dream of having a house to call their own. We invested in an interstate highway system, propelling our economy into the future. We invested in the space race, which led to huge strides in technology. We invested in something called DARPA, a program within the federal government that helped create the internet.

Folks, we need to step up again, but the challenge of today is one of economic competition. Let’s learn from that history, not because it was perfect, because Americans then did what we must do now, invest in ourselves to show the world that American democracy works and if given half a chance there’s nothing, not a single thing, we can’t achieve when we do it together. I know we can do this. I’m positive we can. I’d never been more optimistic about this country than I am right now. We’re going to restore faith, pride and dignity, the future of this country, and we’re going to pass both of these bills and start building this economy to beat the competition to deliver for working families. Thank you. May God bless you and may God protect our troops. Let’s get this done, thank you.

Thank you.… We’ve hit another milestone, a key milestone in our nation’s fight against COVID. Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, announced it has fully concluded it’s a thorough, independent, scientific review. After a strict process, the FDA has reaffirmed its findings that the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine is safe and effective, and the FDA has given its full and final approval. So let me say this loudly and clearly, if you’re one of the millions of Americans who said that they will not get the shot until it has full and final approval of FDA, it has now happened. The moment you’ve been waiting for is here. It’s time for you to go get your vaccination and get it today, today. It’s an important moment in our fight against the pandemic. I want to thank the acting commissioner, Janet Woodcock, and the entire team at the FDA for their hard work.

Dr. Woodcock is a true professional. She’s a career scientist who served under Republican presidents and Democratic presidents. She’s ensured the team follow the science above all. They looked at the mountains of clinical trial data and the safety and efficiency data and concluded without question the vaccine was safe and effective for emergency use in December. That same thing we’ve got those shots in arms at the time, 350 million in the United States and billions across the world. They kept pouring over this data. The FDA approval is the gold standard. And as I just said, now it has been granted. Those who have been waiting for full approval should go get your shot now. Vaccination is free, it’s easy, it’s safe and it’s effective and it’s convenient. For 90% of Americans, there’s a vaccination site less than five miles from your home, and you can get the shot without an appointment.

So please get your shot today. There is no time to waste. The Delta variant is dangerous and spreading, causing a pandemic of the unvaccinated. That’s the pandemic, of the unvaccinated. And while we’re starting to see initial signs that cases may be declining in a few places, nationwide cases are still rising, especially among the unvaccinated. Across the country, virtually all the COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths continue to be among the unvaccinated. That’s worse in states where vaccination rates are overall low. But even in states where many people are vaccinated, the unvaccinated are still at risk. Let me be clear, there are cases were vaccinated people do get COVID-19, but there are far less common than unvaccinated people getting COVID-19. And most importantly, their conditions are far less severe. The overwhelming majority of people in the hospital of COVID-19 and almost all those dying from COVID-19 are not vaccinated, not vaccinated.

If you’re fully vaccinated, both shots plus two weeks, your risk of severe illness from COVID-19 is very, very, very low. And I know that parents are concerned about COVID-19 cases among their children. I’ll be addressing this soon with Secretary Cardona to discuss how we get our kids back to school safely. Cases among children are still rare and severe cases among children are very, very rare. But I know that parents are thinking about their own kids. It’s not as reassuring as anyone would like it to be. So let me say this to the parents, you have the tools, you have the tools to keep your child safer and two of those tools above all are available to you. One, make sure that everyone around your child who can be vaccinated is vaccinated; parents, adults, teens.Two, make sure your child is masked when they leave home. That’s how we can best keep our kids safe.

As I’ve said before, the pandemic of the unvaccinated is a tragedy that is preventable. People are dying and will die who don’t have to. So please, please, if you haven’t gotten your vaccination, if you haven’t gotten vaccinated, do it now. It could save your life and the lives of those you love. Now, the good news is that people are getting vaccinated. For the past several weeks, my administration has imposed new vaccine requirements on federal workers, the armed forces, people who work in federal medical facilities and nursing home workers. Governors, mayors, and private sector leaders have done the same. We’ve also encouraged new incentives. For example, in some states you get $100 if you get vaccinated. These new requirements and incentives are accelerating vaccinations once again, giving us the hope that we can put this Delta variant behind us in the weeks ahead. There are three facts everyone should know about where we are in this fight against this pandemic.

First, even as the Delta variant has ravaged the unvaccinated and deaths have climbed, the death rate is still 70% lower than it was last winter. Why? Because we did such a good job vaccinating those most at risk, senior citizens. America has about 54 million senior citizens. About 50 million have gotten at least one shot. That’s almost 92%. Secondly, overall weekly new vaccinations are up more than 56% from where they were a month ago. Last week we saw a record of vaccinations. More than 1 million shots a day for three straight days. This is the first time this has happened since June. 6 million shots in the last seven days, the highest seven day total in over a month and a half. Remember, remember when we were trying to get 70% of the people over 18 at least one shot? Well, we’ve not only gotten that done, we’ve gotten 71% of everyone aged 12 and older their first shot. That’s over 200 million Americans. And over 170 million are now fully vaccinated.

Third, states that have been lagging are seeing their vaccination rates grow faster. In fact, in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, more people have got new vaccinations in the past month than in the prior two months combined. The progress we’re making on vaccinations now is going to produce results in the weeks ahead. The sooner you get fully vaccinated, the sooner you’ll be protected. According to the experts from the Yale School of Public Health, the pace of our vaccination effort has saved over 100,000 lives and have prevented more than 450,000 hospitalizations. This is critical progress but we need to move faster. As I mentioned before, I’ve imposed vaccination requirements that will reach millions of Americans. Today, I’m calling on more country, more companies I should say, in the private sector to step up with vaccine requirements that’ll reach millions more people.

If you’re a business leader, a nonprofit leader, a state or local labor who has been waiting for full FDA approval to require vaccinations, I call on you now to do that. Require it. Do what I did last month and require your employees to get vaccinated or face strict requirements. And as I said last week, vaccination requirements have been around for decades. Students, healthcare professionals, our troops are typically required to receive vaccination of everything from polio to small pox, measles, mumps, rubella. In fact the reason most people in America don’t worry about polio or smallpox, measles, mumps, and rubella today is because of vaccines. And only makes sense to require a vaccine to stop the spread of COVID-19. With today’s FDA full approval there is another good reason to get vaccinated. So please get vaccinated now. If you go to vaccines.com, vaccines.com or text your zip code to 438829, 438829, you can find a number of vaccine sites near you, just minutes away, where you can get your shot without an appointment.

All around the world people want these vaccines. Here in America, they’re free, convenient and waiting for you. So please go today for yourself, for your loved ones, for your neighbors, for your country. I’ll close with this, we’re in the midst of a war time effort to beat this pandemic. It’s one of the biggest and most complicated challenges in our history and it’s based on an unparalleled vaccination program that is saving lives and beating this virus. It’s a vaccination program that’s getting us back to our loved ones and a way of life we were used to. It’s happening and it’s going to keep happening. It helps our economy and it gets everything moving. It keeps us growing. Together we’ve made significant progress in just seven months. We just have to finish the job with science, facts and confidence. Together, together as the United States in America. So please get vaccinated today. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you.Today the house representatives taken significant steps toward making historic investment that’s going to transform America, cut taxes for working families and position the American economy for long-term, long-term growth. When I became President, it was clear that we had to confront an immediate economic crisis. The most significant recession we’ve had since the Depression, or at least since Johnson, but that wasn’t going to be enough. We also had to make some long-term investments in Americans and America itself. The first thing we did was to write and pass the American Rescue Plan. And it’s working. Our economy has added 4 million jobs in my first six months in office. Economic growth is up to the fastest has been, the fastest rate in 40 years. And unemployment is coming down. Right now, our economic growth is leading the world’s advanced economies. But to win the future, we need to take the next step.

Today, the House of Representatives did just that. Today’s vote in the House, allowed them to consider my Build Back Better Agenda, a broad framework to make housing more affordable, bring down the cost of prescription drugs by giving Medicare the power to negotiate lower prices for drugs, make elder care more affordable, provide two years of free universal high quality pre-K, and two years of free community college, provide clean energy tax credits, continue to give the middle-class families the well-deserved tax cut for daycare and healthcare that they deserve, allowing a lot of women to get back to work primarily, and provide significant monthly tax cuts for working families with children through the childcare tax credit. These investments are going to lower out-of-pocket expenses for families, and not just give them a little more breathing room. In addition, we’re going to make a long overdue much needed investments in basic hard infrastructure of this nation.

This scenario where we have broad bipartisan agreement to invest in our antiquated roads, highways, bridges, transit, drinking water systems, broadband, clean energy, environmental cleanup, and making our infrastructure more resilient to the climate crisis and so much more. And this is all paid for. Instead of giving every break in the world to corporations and CEOs. By the way, 55 of our largest companies in America pay $0 in federal taxes on more than $40 billion in profit last year. We can ask corporations and the very wealthy just to pay their fair share. They can still be very wealthy. They can still make a lot of money, but just begin to pay their fair share. So we can invest in making our country stronger and more competitive, create jobs and raise wages, and lift up the standard of living for everyone. The bottom line is in my view, we’re a step closer to truly investing in the American people, position our economy for long-term growth, and building an America that out competes the rest of the world.

My goal is to build an economy from the bottom up and the middle out, not just the top down. And that’s we’re on our way of doing. Look, I want to thank Speaker Pelosi, who was masterful in our leadership on this, and Leader Horrier, and Whip Clyburn, and Chairman DeFazio, the entire House leadership team for the hard work, dedication, and determination to bring people together so we can make a difference in people’s lives. I also want to thank every Democrat in the House who worked so hard over the past few weeks to reach an agreement, and who supported the process for House consideration of the jobs and infrastructure plan, the Build Back Better Effort. There were differences, strong points of view. They’re always welcome. What is important is that we came together to advance our agenda. I think everyone who did it, was there.

Look, I also want to thank everyone who voted to support the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. It’s an act to restore and expand voting protections, to prevent voter suppression, and to secure the most sacred of American rights, the right to vote freely, the right to vote fairly, and the right to have your vote counted. The House was active. The Senate also has to join them to send this important bill to my desk. And the Senate has to move forward on the People’s Act, critical legislation to protect our democracy and the right to vote. We need both of those election bills. But let me now turn to Afghanistan. I’ve met this morning with my counterparts in the G7, as well as heads of the United Nations, NATO, and the European Union. I express my thanks for the solidarity we have seen, as we’ve stood up an unprecedented global effort. I updated our partners on the significant progress we’ve made in the past 10 days.

As of this afternoon, we’ve helped evacuate 70,700 people just since August the 14th, 75,900 people since the end of July. Just in the past 12 hours, other 19 U.S Military flights, 18 C17s and one C130 carrying approximately 6,400 evacuees, and 31 coalition flights carrying 5,600 people have left Kabul just in the last 12 hours. A total of 50 more flights, 12,000 more people, since we updated you this morning. These numbers are a testament to the efforts of our brave service women and men, to our diplomats on the ground and Kabul, and to our allies still standing with us. And we had a productive discussion. There were strong agreement among the leaders both about the evacuation mission underway, as well as a need to coordinate our approach to the Afghanistan as we move forward. First on evacuation, we agree that we will continue to close our close cooperation to get people out as efficiently and safely as possible.

We are currently on pace to finish by August the 31st. The sooner we can finish the better. Each day of operations brings added risk to our troops, but the completion by August 31st depends upon the Taliban continuing to cooperate, allow access to the airport for those who we’re transporting out, and no disruptions to our operations. In addition, I’ve asked the Pentagon and the State Department for contingency plans to adjust the timetable should that become necessary. I’m determined to ensure that we complete our mission, this mission. I’m also mindful of the increasing risks that I’ve been briefed on, and the need to factor those risks in. They’re real and significant challenges that we also have to take into consideration. The longer we stay, starting with the acute and growing risk of an attack by a terrorist group known as ISIS-K, a ISIS affiliate in Afghanistan, which is the sworn enemy of the Taliban as well.

Every day we’re on the ground is another day we know that ISIS-K is seeking to target the airport and attack both U.S and allied forces and innocent civilians. Additionally, thus far, the Taliban have been taking steps to work with us so we can get our people out, but it’s a tenuous situation. We’re already had some gun fighting breakout. We run a serious risk of it breaking down as time goes on. Second, the G7 leaders, and the leaders of the EU, NATO, and the UN all agreed that we will stand united and our approach to the Taliban. We agreed the legitimacy of any future government depends on the approach it now takes to uphold international obligations, including to prevent Afghanistan from being used as a base for terrorism. And we agree that none of us are going to take the Taliban’s word for it.

We’ll judge them by their actions, and we’ll stay in close coordination on any steps that we take moving forward in response to the Taliban’s behavior. At the same time, we renewed our humanitarian commitment to the Afghan people and supported a proposal by the Secretary General Guterres of the United Nations led international with unfettered humanitarian access in Afghanistan. Third, we talked about our mutual obligation to support refugees and evacuees currently fleeing Afghanistan. The United States will be a leader in these efforts, and we’ll look to the international community and to our partners to do the same. We’re already seeing our allies’ commitment. They’re bringing to their countries, the Afghans who served alongside their forces as translators, or in their embassies, just as we’re bringing you the United States those Afghans who worked alongside our forces and diplomats. We’re continuing that effort.

We’re conducting thorough security screening in the intermediate stops they’re making, for anyone who is not a U.S citizen or a lawful permanent resident of the United States. Anyone arriving in the United States will have undergone a background check. And we must all work together to resettle thousands of Afghans who ultimately qualify for refugee status. United States will do our part. And we are already working closely with refugee organizations to rebuild a system that was purposefully destroyed by my predecessor. Finally, we agreed to stay vigilant against terrorist threats that have metastasized around the world. We went to Afghanistan with our allies in 2001 for clear reasons. One, to get the people who attacked us on 9/11 and to get Osama bin Laden, and to make sure that Afghanistan was not used again as a base from which to attack the United States or our allies. We achieved that objective. We delivered justice to bin Laden more than a decade ago.

But the current environment looks very different than it did in 2001. And we have to meet the challenges we face today. We run effective counter-terrorism operations around the world, where we know terrorism is more of a threat than it is today in Afghanistan, without any permanent military presence on the ground. And we can and will do the same thing in Afghanistan, with our over the horizon counter-terrorism capability. Cooperation with our closest partners on our enduring counter-terrorism mission will continue to be an essential piece of our strategy. In short, we all, all of us agree today that we’re going to stand shoulder to shoulder with our closest partners to meet the current challenges that we face in Afghanistan, just as we have for the past 20 years.

We’re acting in consultation and cooperation with our closest friends and fellow democracies. And I want to, again, thank all of our allies and partners around the world who have rallied in support of our shared mission. We ended the conversation today by a clear statement on all of our parts. We are going to stay at united, locked at the hip in terms of what we have to do. We’ll get that done. And tomorrow, I’ve asked Secretary Blinken to give you an update and a detailed report on exactly how many Americans are still in Afghanistan, how many of you got out, and what our projection is. So thank you again. May God bless you and may God protect our diplomats and all those in harm’s way. Thank you.Hello, everyone. Thank-

… could build, for example, a coal plant today-

… instead of a solar or a wind farm could mean that another 30 years of burning fossil fuels-

… the city for generation, and the carbon footprint in that city.

Every choice we make in this decisive decade, and I mean it literally between now and 2030, has to bring us closer, closer to, not push us further away from a sustainable path to net-zero emissions by 2050.

That recognition was front and center when I announced the Build Back Better World initiative in June, along with our G7 partners. But to put this in perspective, the Build Back Better Initiative, the Clean Green Initiative, Great Britain, The Global Gateway and Clean Green Initiatives are all part, all part of the joint effort among the G7 partners to deliver high quality infrastructure.

And I want to thank Ursula for the Clean Green Initiative as well. We’re all on the same team with, essentially, the same issues.

There is an urgent need for infrastructure development in countries, infrastructure that prioritize, when you build it, it prioritizes the fight against climate change from the moment the spade goes in the ground, and jumpstarts the green economic growth. That’s what I’m focused on in the United States. But it isn’t just an American project, it’s work we all have to do and we all are doing around this table. By ensuring high standards, high standards for our projects, we can create infrastructure that lifts up communities and begins to lift them up now, and does not put them behind the eight ball, or that’s a bad expression to use, but put them behind the curve when it comes to 2, 5, 10, 15 years from now. Being transparent about how we’re financing our projects, we offer positive alternatives to debt traps and corruption. We can hold entire countries back if we don’t do that. Transparency is critically important. And by insisting and responding to the needs of developing countries rather than dictating projects from afar, we can deliver the greatest impact for those who need it the most. By mobilizing trillions of dollars of investment capital that’s sitting on the sidelines, that can multiply the impact of our country investments in a significant way. And by coming together to make a difference in the lives of people all around the world, we have to show, and I think we will show, that democracy is still the best way for delivering results. Let me say it again: Democracy is still the best way for delivering results. That is my vision of the Build Back Better World. But my guess is it’s my colleagues’ vision as well, and I’m eager to hear from all of you today, quite frankly. And to start the conversation, I’d like to propose five key principles that should guide our investments in infrastructure. First, every project should be climate-resilient and developed with climate in mind. Every project that’s started, we should think about it from the perspective of climate. I mean that sincerely. New transportation infrastructure should be designed with sea-level rise in mind. Healthcare and digital infrastructure should be built to withstand extreme weather events. And in this decade, to invest in wind, solar, hydropower, and more. Today, as part of this commitment, the United States, together with the UK, France, Germany, and the EU, is announcing a new partnership with South Africa to help transform their economy to a clean energy economy more quickly. Right now, South Africa is the largest emitter in Africa, due in large part to their heavy reliance on coal for power. By closing South Africa’s coal plants ahead of schedule and investing in clean power alternatives for the people of South Africa, and supporting an equitable inclusive transition in South Africa’s coal sector, we’re following through on the pledge the G7 partners made in Cornwall to accelerate the transition away from coal in developing countries. And I realize the reliance on coal is consequential. But I can remember growing up as a young man in an area that was a heavy supplier of coal in Northeast Pennsylvania. And I watched what happened when it collapsed and how the impact on the community. And that’s why we have to take care of the people who are impacted on and provide alternatives for them as well. By closing South Africa’s coal plants ahead of schedule and investing in clean alternatives for the people of South Africa, and supporting equitable and inclusive transitions in South Africa’s coal sector, we’re following through, as I said, on the pledge we made. The second point I’d like to make: All our projects should be designed in close partnership with the countries where they will happen, where they will happen.

It’s a simple but powerful principle: Projects will only be successful, in my view, when there is buy-in, input, and engagement from the communities they’re intended to help and impact. I learned that yesterday from Barbados. Actually, I think I knew it ahead of time, but you made a really, very compelling speech yesterday.

Local governments, labor, and civil society should be engaged at the very start to make sure the benefits to the community are equitable and they’re immediate.

Thirdly, the Build Back Better World project should be high quality and high standards. What does that mean in practice? Well, it means whenever there’s something to purchase or someone to hire, we’ll use transparent and competitive processes that safeguard against corruption.

It means we’ll provide affordable financing so local taxpayers aren’t stuck with a big bill they can’t pay down the line.

It means environmental planning to reduce the risk of damaging the ecosystem and increase the resilience to climate change.

And fourthly, partnership is essential. To reach net-zero by 2050, we’re going to need to mobilize trillions of dollars, as our friends at the end of the table know, trillions of dollars in financing to harness both private and public-sector resources. I met with some of these private-sector suppliers earlier today. I think it’s within our capacity to do that, led by the men at the end of the table, and harness both private and public-sector resources.

So I look forward to working with the World Bank President, David Malpass, and Mark Carney, who is now with the U.N., about how to mobilize the private sector and international financial institutions to help build a pipeline of projects that we can invest in, but can be counted on and planned for, and be done in regular order.

And finally, as you keep hearing me say, and I apologize, building out our climate infrastructure can and should help drive a sustainable economic recovery.

From the first meeting we had, I know, I apologize for the repetition, but I look at climate and dealing with climate change, and I see jobs. Good jobs, economic development, and movement. That’s what I see.

And finally, you keep hearing me say it, but building out the climate infrastructure should drive sustainable economic recovery. It can spur the creation of those good jobs in the developing world just like it can in the developed world.

Our global transition to a net-zero economy is predicated on 30 million new jobs worldwide by 2030. Thirty million new jobs, good-paying jobs.

So this climate crisis is an enormous opportunity. It’s about jobs. It’s about building the industries of the future. It’s about making sure everyone shares in the benefits of an equitable and sustainable green recovery.

A Build Back Better World is going to show that we can grow our economies, fight climate change, and leave a better, cleaner, more livable planet for all of our children.

So, I want to thank you all for joining us today. And now I’d like to turn it over to a woman who I think impresses me every time I hear her speak, President von der Leyen, to make a few remarks.Thank you Madam Secretary. You’re doing a great job.

I say to the press excuse my back. Next time in Washington. I see you all up on the board behind me. I Hope we do this in person. I hope. That’s my hope. Thank you.

Good morning. I want to thank you for joining us. This is a big day. I think as my mother would say, former Senator Daniel Inouye is looking down going finally. I was raised by Daniel Inouye in the United States Senate. To President Fawn sharp and Chairman Hill of the Oneida Nation and our President Palsy. I thank you all for what you’re doing. I want to recognize you.

Chairman Hill, I thought being from upstate New York and college where my deceased wife is from, Skaneateles Lake not far from Oneida, New York. I thought that the Oneida Nation was all in central New York but obviously you up in Wisconsin. Come down and see us in Oneida.

Anyway, I want to thank you Madam Secretary for your remarks but I also want thank you Deb for being willing to join when I asked you to come along and to serve. As I said, I was confident at the time you would be incredibly important.

When I got to the Senate, Daniel Inouye took me under his way. He helped me understand the simple truth that I had only been vaguely aware of. That is that Tribal Nations do better when they make their own decisions. That’s why some of the votes I took as a young are Senator among my proudest. Supporting the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. Indian Child Welfare Act, Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act and so much more.

When I ran for president, it was important for me to continue to make progress. That’s what we’ve done since I took office. When COVID-19 struck, it hit the Indian Country with devastating consequences. Native Americans contracted the virus at over three times the rate of white Americans. Nearly twice the rate of lives lost. Twice as many died as a percentage. But Tribal Nations stepped up.

Today, the Native Americans have gone from being a population most harmed by COVID to one of the populations most vaccinated against COVID. That success has a lot to do with Tribal Leadership. But it also it has to do with the American Rescue Plan which included over $31 billion for Tribal Nations. The most significant investment in the history of Indian Country. Long overdue.

Now we’re taking the next step. Today, I’m signing and I’ll certainly sign a bipartisan infrastructure deal. Everyone knows we’re long overdue to make major investments in infrastructure. But nobody knows that better than the Indian Country. Tribal lands have been chronically underfunded for generations.

I’m very proud to say that when I sign the bill outside in the South Lawn shortly, the single largest investment in tribal infrastructure ever is going to occur. More than $13 billion in direct investments to Indian Country and tens of billions more in grants and future funding opportunities. Funding for clean drinking water, high speed internet, roads and bridges, environmental cleanups and so much more. But we can’t stop there. We need Congress to pass my bill Build Back Better Plan as well.

Today, one in 10 native American parents have reported having to quit or change their jobs or turn down an opportunity due to a childcare challenge. This bill would save most families thousands of dollars per year in childcare. Helping moms and dads rejoin the workforce. Also, this bill when it passes, it will allow every three and four year old in the nation to attend high quality preschool, increasing considerably their chances of getting all the way through the first 12 years of primary school and onto college.

It includes the most significant investment to tackle the climate crisis in history. I might note parenthetically, no group of Americans has created and cared more about preserving what we inherited than the Tribal Nations. This also will expand health coverage, lower costs for millions of Americans.

We have to continue to stand up for the dignity and sovereignty of Tribal Nations. My dad used the word dignity I think more than any other word. He said, everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity. I was proud to re-establish the White House Council on Native American Affairs and to issue a memorandum in my first week in office instructing my entire administration to engage in regular, meaningful consultation with Tribal Nations.

I was kidding my wife Jill who’ll be out here shortly. She’s visited the Navajo Nation so many times I’m worried she’s not going to come home. But look, I’ve been proud. I’m proud to name Native American leaders of my administration. Not only the first Native American cabinet secretary and it won’t be the last in history but more than 50 Native Americans now serving in significant roles in my administration.

We’ve also taken action to protect tribal lands. Revoking the permit for the Keystone XL Pipeline System, preserving and protecting the sacred homeland including Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante. It’s part of who we are as a nation. I’m grateful to the tribes who led the effort. We also can be proud of that progress but there’s still so much more to do. Today I’m announcing five new initiatives.

First, a new initiative involving 17 departments and agencies to protect tribal treaty rights and the work of the federal government. Second, a new initiative to increase tribal participation in the management of stewardship of federal lands. Third, my administration will be the first to work with the tribes to comprehensively incorporate tribal ecological knowledge into the federal government scientific approach. Helping us fight climate change.

Forth, taking action to protect the greater Chaco landscape in Northwestern, New Mexico from future oil and gas drilling and leasing. Fifth, I’m about to sign an executive order in a moment, addressing the crisis of violence against Native Americans.

Today I’m directing federal officials to work with Tribal Nations on strategies to improve public safety and advance justice. This builds in the work we did together in reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act in 2013 when we granted authority to tribes to exercise jurisdiction over non-Indian offenders who commit violence on tribal lands.

We’re going to reauthorize that again. We’re going to expand the jurisdiction to include other offenses like sex trafficking, sexual assault and child abuse. These efforts, again to use the word my dad would use so much, are a matter of dignity. That’s the foundation of our nation and nation partnership. That’s what this summit is all about.

I want to thank everyone who’s here for participating. I look forward to continuing to work together. Now it’s my honor to sign an executive order and a couple of my friends are going to be coming out here I’m told, cabinet members. But… Here we go. Where is everybody?

Jill. Jill’s here. The attorney general. We got them all. Everybody’s here. All right, Jill. I don’t know what was going on back there but they’ll here. I was worried you weren’t going to come out. Hanging out. Good to see you. All right.

The title of this legislation is Improving Public Safety and Criminal Justice for Native Americans and Addressing the Crisis of Missing or Murdered Indigenous People. I’m proud to sign it. It’s long overdue. There you go. General.

 Thank you all so very much. We’re going to make some substantial change in Indian Country. It’s going to continue. Thank you all. Thank you.  You ask me that all the time and I give you the same answer. I’ve been confident since the day I stepped in office.To state the obvious, we meet with the eyes of history upon us and the profound questions before us. It’s simple, will we act, will we do what is necessary? Will we seize the enormous opportunity before us or will we condemn future generations to suffer? This is the decade that will determine the answer. This decade. The science is clear, we only have a brief window left before us to raise our ambitions and to raise to meet the task that’s rapidly narrowing. This is a decisive decade in which we have an opportunity to prove ourselves. We can keep the goal of limiting global warming to just 1.5 degree celsius within our reach, if we come together, if we commit to doing our part of each of our nations with determination and with ambition. That’s what COP26 is all about.

Glasgow must be the kickoff of a decade of ambition and innovation to preserve our shared future. Climate change is already ravaging the world, we’ve heard from many speakers. It’s not hypothetical. It’s not a hypothetical threat. It’s destroying people’s lives and livelihoods and doing it every single day. It’s costing our nations trillions of dollars, record heat and drought, fueling more widespread and more intense wildfires in some places and crop failures in others, record flooding, and what used to be once in the century storms are now happening every few years.

In the past few months the United States has experienced all of this and every region of the world can tell similar stories. And in an age where this pandemic has made so painfully clear that no nation can wall itself off from borderless threats, we know that none of us can escape the worst that you to come if we fail to seize this moment. But ladies and gentlemen, within the growing catastrophe, I believe there’s an incredible opportunity. Not just for the United States, but for all of us. We’re standing at an inflection point in world history, we have the ability to invest in ourselves and build an equitable clean energy future. And in the process create millions of good paying jobs and opportunities around on the world. Cleaner air for our children, more bountiful oceans, healthier forest and ecosystems for our planet.

We can create an environment that raises a standard of living around the world. And this is a moral imperative, but it’s also an economic imperative. If we fuel greater growth, new jobs, better opportunities for all our people, and as we see current volatility and energy prices rather than cast it as a reason to back off our clean energy goals, we must view it as a call to action. High energy prices only reinforce the urgent need to diversify sources, double down on clean energy development and adapt promising new clean energy technology so we can not only remain overly reliant on one source of power to power our economies and our communities. It’s in the self interest of every single nation, and this is a chance in my view, to make a generational investment in our economic resilience and in our workers and our communities to throughout the world. That’s what we’re going to do in the United States.

My Build Back Better framework will make historic investments in clean energy, the most significant investment to deal with the climate crisis that any advanced nation is made ever. We’re going to cut US greenhouse gas emissions by well over a gigaton by 2030, while making it more affordable for consumers to save on their own energy bills with tax credits for things like installing solar panels, weatherizing their homes. Lowering energy prices will also deliver cleaner air and water for our children, electrifying fleets of school buses, increasing credits for electric vehicles and addressing legacy pollution. It will incentivize clean energy manufacturing, building the solar panels and the wind turbines that are growing energy markets of the future. Which will create good paying union jobs for American workers and something that none of us should lose sight of.

When I talk to the American people about climate change I tell them it’s about jobs. It’s about workers who will lay thousands of miles of transmission lines of clean, modern, resilient power grid. The auto workers who will build the next generation of electric vehicles and electricians who will install a nationwide network of 500,000 vehicle stations to power them throughout my country. The engineers who will design new carbon capture systems and the construction workers who will make them a reality. The farmers will not only help fight global hunger, but also use the soil to fight climate change. The communities that were vitalize in themselves around new industries and opportunities. And because we are taking all these actions, the United States will be able to meet the ambitious target I set in the leader summit and climate back in April, reducing US emissions by 50 to 52% below 2005 levels by 2030. We’ll demonstrate to the world, the United States is not only back at the table but hopefully leading by the power of our example. I know it hasn’t been the case, and that’s why my administration’s working over time to show that our climate commitment is action not words.

On my very first day in office, I took action and returned the United States to the Paris Agreement. Since then, our administration has been hard at work on locking clean energy breakthroughs to drive down the cost of technologies that will require us to achieve net zero emissions and working with the private sector on the next generation of technologies that will power clean economy of the future.

Over the next several days, the United States will be announcing new initiatives to demonstrate our commitment to providing innovative solutions across multiple sectors from agriculture to oil and gas, to combating deforestation, to tackling hard and to abate industries. We’re planning for both short term sprint to 2030, that will keep 1.5 degree celsius in reach and for a marathon that will take us to the finish line and transform the largest economy in the world into a thriving, innovative, equitable, and just clean energy engine of net zero for a net zero world.

That’s why today I’m releasing the US long term strategy, which presents a vision of achieving the United States goal of net zero emissions economy wide by no later than 2050, and reinforces an absolutely critical nature of taking bold action with the decisive decade. We’re also going to try to do our part when it comes to helping the rest of the world take action as well. We want to do and more to help countries around the world, especially developing countries, accelerate their clean energy transition, address pollution, and ensure the world we all must share a cleaner, safer, healthiest planet. We have an obligation to help.

At the United in September, I announced that my administration is working with Congress to quadruple our climate finance support for developing countries by 2024, including significant increase in support for adaptation efforts. This commitment is made possible to each of our collective goals and mobilizing a hundred billion annually for climate finance, but mobilizing finance at the scale necessary to meet the incredible need is an all hands on deck effort. As other speakers today mentioned, governments in the private sector and multi-lateral development banks must also do the work to go from millions to billions to trillions the necessary effect of this transition.

Today, I’m also submitting a new adaptation communication laying out how we’ll implement the global goal of adaptation as well as announcing our first ever contribution to the adaptation fund. But our commitment is about more than just financing, that’s a critical piece of it, but we’re also going to support solutions across the board. In lead up to this gather in the United States, joined our G7 partners to launch a Build Back Better World Initiative. We also reconvened the major economies forum on energy and climate to launch transformative actions and to raise ambition. And together with the European Union, we’re launching a Global Methane Pledge to collectively reduce methane emissions, one of the most potent greenhouse gases, by at least 30% by the end of the decade. More than 70 countries have already signed a up to support rapid reduction in methane pollution, and I encourage every nation to sign on. It’s the simple most effective strategy we have the slow global warming in the near term.

My friends, if we’re to recognize that a better, more hopeful future, every nation has to do its part with ambitious targets to keep 1.5 degrees in reach and specific plans of how to get there, especially the major economies. It’s imperative we support developing nations so they can be our partners in this effort. Right now we’re still falling short. There’s no more time to hang back or sit the of the fence or argue amongst ourselves. This is a challenge of our collective lifetimes, the existential threat to human existence as we know it. And every day we delay the cost of inaction increases. So let this be the moment that we answer history’s call, here in Glasgow. Let’s this be the start of a decade of transformative action that preserves our plan and raises the quality of life for people everywhere. We can do this, we just have to make a choice to do it. So let’s get to work and thank you. Those of us who are responsible for much of the deforestation and all the problems we have so far have overwhelming obligations in the nations, who in fact were not there, have not done it, and we have to help much more than we have thus far. God bless you all, and may God save the planet. Thank you.And with the holidays coming up, you might be wondering if gifts you planned to buy will arrive on time. Well, let me explain. Supply chains essentially mean how we make things and how the material and parts get delivered to a factory so we can manufacture things and manufacture them here. How we move things, how a finished product moves from a factory to a store, to your home. And today we have an important announcement that we’ll get things you buy to you, to the shelves faster. I’m joined by the executive director of the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, Gene Seroka and . Miss, I apologize, Mario. And the president of the International Longshoremen’s Union, Willie Adams.

Los Angeles and Long Beach are home to two of the largest ports in America. And together, these ports are among the largest in the world. And the best way to make that point is that 40%, 40% of shipping containers that we import into this country come through these two ports. And today we have some good news, we’re going to help speed up the delivery of goods all across America. After weeks of negotiation and working with my team and with the major union retailers and freight movers, the Port of Los Angeles announced today that it’s going to begin operating 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This follows the Port of Long Beach’s commitment to 24/7 that it announced just weeks ago.

24/7 system, what most of the leading countries in the world already operate on now except us until now. This is the first key step toward moving our entire freight transportation and logistical supply chain nationwide to a 24/7 system. And here’s why it matters. Traditionally, our ports have only been open during the week, Monday through Friday, and they’re generally closed down at nights and on weekends. By staying open seven days a week through the night and on the weekends, the Port of Los Angeles will open over 60 extra hours a week will be open. In total, that will almost double the number of hours that the port is open for business from earlier this year.

That means an increase in the hours for workers to be moving cargo off ships onto trucks and rail cars to get to their destination. And more than that, the night hours are critical for increasing the movement of goods because highways are less crowded at night. In fact, during off peak hours in Los Angeles, cargo leaves the port at a 25% faster pace than during the day shift. So by increasing the number of late night hours of operation and opening up for less crowded hours when the goods can move faster, today’s announcement has the potential to be a game changer.

I say potential because all of these goods won’t move by themselves. For the positive impact to be felt all across the country and by all of you at home, we need major retailers who order the goods and the freight movers who take the goods from the ships to factories and to stores to step up as well. These private sector companies are the ones that hire the trucks and rail cars and move the goods. On this score, we have some good news report as well. Today, Walmart, our nation’s largest retailer is committing to go all in on moving its products 24/7 from the ports to their stores nationwide.

Specifically, Walmart is committing as much as a 50% increase in the use of off-peak hours over the next several weeks. Additionally, FedEx and UPS, two of our nation’s biggest freight movers are committing today to significantly increase the amount of goods they’re moving at night. FedEx and UPS are the shippers for some of our nation’s largest stores, but they also ship for tens of thousands of small businesses all across America. Their commitment to go all in on 24/7 operations means that businesses of all sizes will get their goods on shelves faster and more reliably. Accordingly, according to one estimate, together, FedEx and UPS alone move up to 40% of packages in America, up to 40%.

And other companies are stepping up as well. They include Target, home Depot and Samsung that have all committed to ramp up their activities to utilize off peak hours at the ports. So the commitments being made today are a sign of major progress in moving goods from manufacturers to a store or to your front door. I want to thank my supply chain disruption taskforce, which we set up in June led by secretary Buttigieg, Raimondo, and Vilsack and my director of National Economic Council, Brian Deese. I want to thank them for their leadership. And I especially want to thank . And I think Joe’s done one heck of a job. My special envoy, specifically on ports, who’s been working this issue with all the stakeholders for the past several weeks.

I also want to thank the port directors. I want to thank Gene and Mario again, and the mayors of Los Angeles and Long Beach, Mayor Garcetti and Mayor Garcia for their leadership. And I think the private companies that are stepping up, I want to thank them, but I particularly want to thank labor. Willie Adams of the Longshoreman and Warehouses Union who is here today, the Teamsters, the rail unions from the Brotherhood of Railroad Signalmen and the International Association of Machinists, to the American Train Dispatchers Association, to Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers Union, known as SMART.

I want to be clear. This is across the board commitment to going to 24/7. This is a big first step in speeding up the movement of materials and goods through our supply chain. But now we need the rest of the private sector chain to step up as well. This is not called a supply chain for nothing. This means the terminal operators, railways, trucking companies, shippers, and other retailers as well. Strengthening our supply chain will continue to be my team’s focus. If federal support is needed, I’ll direct all appropriate action. And if the private sector doesn’t step up, we’re going to call them out and ask them to act because our goal is not only to get through this immediate bottleneck, but to address the longstanding weaknesses in our transportation and supply chain that this pandemic has exposed.

I might add parenthetically, one of the reasons why I think it’s very important that we get the infrastructure plan passed, my infrastructure plan and that supply chain system almost entirely in the hands of private business. The world has changed. Prior to the crisis, we chaired the focus on lean efficient supply chains, leaving no buffer or margin for error when it comes to certain parts arriving just in time as needed to make a final product. Our administration, , that’s the way it was just in time was the focus. We didn’t have a pandemic and other things at the time.

We need to take a longer view though than invest in building greater resilience to withstand the kinds of shocks we’ve seen over and over, year in and year out, whether it’s the pandemic, extreme weather, climate change, cyber attacks, rather disruptions. In fact, research tells us that a company can expect to lose over 40% of one year’s earnings every 10 years due to supply chain disruptions. A longer-term view means we invest in systems that have more time built in and our ability to produce, innovate, and partner with our allies.

That also means companies throughout the supply chain like maritime, air freight and trucking companies reduce their carbon emissions and help to meet our climate change goals. It also means creating and supporting good paying jobs so folks want to stay in these jobs so they can build the skills and careers and make a decent living. It means more opportunities to join a union, especially for truckers. These steps are critical. They allow companies to pivot quickly when a disruption hits because they’ve invested in their workers, their workers’ skills and training upfront to be able to adapt.

We need to invest in making more of our products right here in the United States. Never again should our country and our economy be unable to make critical products we need because we don’t have access to materials to make that product. Never again should we have to rely too heavily on one company or one country or one person in the world, particularly when countries don’t share our values when it comes to labor and environmental standards. I’ve said before, we’re more in the competition for the 21st century. We are America. We still have the most productive workers and the most innovative minds in the world, but the rest of the world is closing in and we risk losing our edge if we don’t step up.

In order to be globally competitive, we need to improve our capacity to make things here in America while also moving finished products across the country and around the world. We need to think big and bold. That’s why I’m pushing for a once in a generation investment in our infrastructure and our people with my infrastructure bill and my Build Back Better Act. These bills will transform our ports. There’s billions of dollars for ports, highways, rail systems that sorely need upgrading and would bring products faster and more efficiently from the factories to the store, to your house.

Let me be clear. We’re proposing to make the biggest investment in ports in our history. The bill would also make investments in our supply chains, in manufacturing and strengthening our ability to make more goods from the beginning to end right here in America. The bottom line, we’ve seen the cost of inaction in the pandemic in the delays and the congestion that affect every American. But it’s fully within our capacity to act to make sure it never happens again. It’s going to take a little time and that we’ve unlocked the full might and dynamism of our economy and our people. That’s what we’re going to do. God bless you all. And may God bless the longshoreman, rail workers, truckers, and all the workers who are keeping our economy going. May God protect our troops. Thank you all so very much.Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As I said yesterday at the United Nations, nothing is more urgent than all of us working together to defeat COVID-19. And that the world is going to be much better prepared for future pandemics, we have to do both. This summit is about supercharging efforts in three key areas, vaccinating the world by dramatically ramping up vaccine production, donations, delivery and administering the vaccine, which is a logistical challenge, addressing the oxygen crisis in many hospitals around the world, making other treatments more accessible and increasing the availability of public health tools like masks and tests, and building back better so that our global health security infrastructure is more resilient than it is today.

We’ve all suffered. The United States has lost more than 670,000 of our fellow Americans. Worldwide the death toll is above 4.5 million people, 4.5 million people, and this a global tragedy. And we were not going to solve this crisis with half measures or middle of the road ambitions. We need to go big and we need to do our part, governments, the private sector, civil society, leaders, philanthropist. This is an all hands on deck crisis. And the good news is we know how to beat this pandemic, vaccines, public health measures and collective action. During the first eight months of my presidency, we have worked aggressively to get Americans and the world vaccinated. As President of the United States. My first responsibility is to protect the American people, and I’m proud that we’ve gone from two million America’s being fully vaccinated when I took office in January 20th to 182 million and counting today in America. But we also know that to beat the pandemic care, we need to beat it everywhere. And I made, and I’m keeping the promise that America will become the arsenal of vaccines as we’re the arsenal for democracy during World War II. We’ve already shipped nearly 160 million doses to 100 countries, more than every other country has donated combined. America’s donations of a half a billion Pfizer vaccines through COVAX that I’ve announced before the G7 summit in June have already begun to ship.

Today, I’m announcing another historic commitment. The United States is buying another half billion doses of Pfizer to donate to low and middle income countries around the world. This is another half billion doses that will all be shipped by this time next year, and it brings our total commitment of donated vaccines to over 1.1 billion vaccines to be donated. Put another way, for every one shot we’ve administered to date in America we have now committed to do three shots to the rest of the world. I want to thank Pfizer and its CEO and chairman Albert, Albert’s been a good friend and had been helpful, they’ve been and continue to be partners in the leader in this fight. And the United States is leading the world on vaccination donations, as we’re doing that we need other high income countries to deliver on their own ambitious vaccine donations and pledges.

That’s why today we’re launching the EU-US vaccine partnership to work more closely together and with our partners in expanding global vaccinations. And as we do so we should unite around the world on a few principles. That we commit to donating, not selling, donating, not selling doses to low and lower income countries and that their donations come with no political strings attached. And then we support COVAX as the main distributor for sharing WHO approved vaccines. And then we fight vaccine this information and exercise transparency to build vital public trust in these saving tools. It’s also important that we are working toward common goals and targets so that we can measure our progress and hold ourselves and each other accountable. Secretary of State Blinken will be convening foreign ministers later this year to check on our collective progress. And I propose that we come together for a second high level virtual summit in the first quarter of 2022 to help gauge our progress and keep our efforts fully aligned.

Another goal is dramatically boosting global and regional vaccine manufacturing capacity. Enhancing transparency, so that vaccine production and distribution is as predictable and coordinated. In fact, an important part of the reason the United States is able to make these big historic donations is because we’ve worked with the US vaccine manufacturers to accelerate a manufacturing rate and production. And now we’re working quickly to scale up vaccine manufacturing in other countries around the world so they can manufacture as well. We’re working with partner nations, pharmaceutical companies, and other manufacturers to increase their own capacity and capability to produce and manufacture safe and highly effective vaccines in their own countries. For example, our quad partnership with India, Japan and Australia is on track to help produce at least 1 billion vaccine doses in India to boost the global supply by the end of 2022. And we’re providing financing and helping you strengthen manufacturing in South Africa and produce more than 500 million doses of J&J in Africa for Africa next year.

Next, we also know from experience that getting those vaccines in the people’s arms may be the hardest logistical challenge we’ve faced. That’s why we need to significantly step up our investment in helping countries get shots in arms. Today, the United States is also announcing that we’re providing an additional $370 million to support administering these shots and delivery globally. And we will be providing more than $380 million to assist in the Global Vaccine Alliance, GAVI, to further facilitate vaccine distribution and regions with the greatest need.

And while vaccinating the world is the ultimate solution to COVID-19, we know that we have to act to save lives now. That’s why the United States have provided nearly $1.4 billion to reduce COVID-19 deaths and mitigate transmission through bulk oxygen support, expanded testing, and strengthening healthcare systems and more.

And we’re going to help all of us build back better, by supporting the establishment of financial mechanism for global health security, to simply state it, to prepare for the next pandemic, because there will be a next time, we all know that. Vice-President Harris will be speaking more on this issue later today.

And finally, I want to acknowledge the leaders from the private sector, philanthropy and civil society who are here today. Governments can do a lot, but we can not do everything on our own. We’ve asked our non-governmental partners to take up the call for new actions, that it will solve the core challenge to making vaccines available to everyone everywhere, solving the oxygen availability crisis, financing health security, and more. And I’m grateful, I’m grateful for their leadership.

And let me close with what I made clear yesterday at the UN, we can do this. This is within our capacity. We know what needs to be done, we just have to make the choice to do it. Now, the leaders on the screen that I see here today, I know they’ve made that choice and I think they know we can do this. And I promise you, the United States will continue to lead, we’ll continue to drive historic commitments in vaccine donations, 1.1 billion and counting, so we can defeat COVID-19 together. And we’ll continue to invest in creating a future of true global health security for all people. That is a big, big goal we have, we should have.

We’re going to lead with the power of our example and we’re not going to stop, but the only way to get this done is for everyone, everywhere, is for all of us to step up. Which I’m confident you will. And now I like to turn this over to Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield, United Nations. And I want to thank everybody on the screen I can see here without going to each one of you for all you’ve done, continue to do. I think you all know we can do this. We can do this. We have to do this. So thank you. Thank you all.Good afternoon. I’ve just been briefed by my COVID-19 team on the progress we’re making on our fight against the virus. Today I want to provide a brief update on my plan I’d announced in early September to accelerate the path out of this pandemic. It’s working. We’re making progress. Nationally, daily cases are down 47%. Hospitalizations are down 38% over the past six weeks. Over the past two weeks, most of the country has improved as well. Case rates are declining in 39 states, and hospital rates are declining in 38 states. We’re down to 66 million, a still unacceptably high number of unvaccinated people from almost 100 million in July. That’s important. It’s important progress. But now’s not the time to let up. We have a lot more to do. We’re in a very critical period as we work to turn the corner on COVID-19.

First, we have to do more to vaccinate the 66 million unvaccinated people in America. It’s essential. The vaccine requirements that we started rolling out in the summer are working. They’re working. The Labor Department is going to soon be issuing an emergency rule for companies with 100 or more employees to implement vaccination requirements among their workforce. Every day we see more businesses implementing vaccination requirements, and the mounting data shows that they work. Businesses and organizations that are implementing requirements are seeing their vaccination rates rise by an average of 20% or more to well over 90% the number of employees vaccinated.

Let’s be clear. Vaccination requirements should not be another issue that divides us. That’s why we continue to battle the misinformation that’s out there, and companies and communities are stepping up as well to combat the misinformation. Southwest Airlines at the head of the Pilot’s Union and its CEO dismissed critics who claim vaccination mandates contributed to flight disruptions. School board members, religious leaders, and doctors across the country are fighting misinformation and educating people about the importance of vaccines. All of these efforts are going to help us continue moving the dial to eliminate this disease.

Second, we’re going to continue protecting the vaccinated. This week, the Food and Drug Administration and the FDA is reviewing data on Moderna and Johnson and Johnson boosters. We expect the final decision from the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, in the next couple of weeks. If they authorize the boosters, which would be strictly made based on the science, that decision will be based on the science, this’ll mean all three vaccines will be available for boosters. Already more than one out of three eligible seniors have gotten their third shot, the booster, and we’re going to continue to provide that additional protection to seniors and others as we head into the holidays. These boosters are free. I’ll say it again. They’re free, available, and convenient to get.

Third point I’d like to make, we need to continue to keep our schools and our students safe. 96% of school districts are fully open with children back in the classroom and for in-person learning. We have been able to do this because we provided our schools the resources they need to protect children and the educators, as well as the staff that works in the schools. We’ve been encouraging schools to implement important health measures, like masking, testing, and getting everyone vaccinated who is eligible to be vaccinated.

Now, I know parents out there are anxiously waiting for a vaccine for children ages 5 to 11. The good news is the FDA and outside experts from the CDC are set to make this determination as to whether the vaccine will be authorized for that age range in the next few weeks. If authorized, we are ready. We have purchased enough vaccines for all children between the ages of 5 and 11 in the United States, and it’ll be convenient for parents to get their children vaccinated at trusted locations. Families will be able to sleep easier at night knowing their kids are protected as well.

Let me close with this. The plan I laid out in September is working. We’re headed in the right direction. We have critical work to do, but we can’t let up now. My team and I are doing everything we can, but I’m calling on more businesses to step up. I’m calling on more parents to get their children vaccinated when they are eligible, and I’m asking everyone, everyone who hasn’t gotten vaccinated, please get vaccinated. That’s how we put this pandemic behind us and accelerate our economic recovery. We can do this. I’ve said many times God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you very much.Reverend clergy, distinguished guests. Among the many memories from 50 years of friendship, there is one that especially captures what Bob Dole was as a man and, in my view, as a patriot.

We were on our way to the 50th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy, but we started in Italy, in Anzio. Much has been written about his time in Anzio, but to be there with him felt significantly different. He was on a mission in the mountains. Nazi gunfire and mortar fire was thick. A man was dying, men were dying. Facing a hail of bullets, Second Lieutenant Robert Joseph Dole hurled a grenade into an empty gun nest. He was trying to help a fallen comrade, his platoon radioman, when everything changed. And I mean, everything changed.

His spine was damaged because fire tore across the hills, shattering his body. Grievously wounded. He was paralyzed. Dragged behind a wall, Bob would pass in and out of consciousness, dreaming of home as he lay bleeding in the foxhole for nearly nine hours. He was 21 years old.

Nearly eight decades on, we gather here in a world far different from the mountainous battlefield in 1945. But there’s something that connects that past and present, wartime and peace, then and now: the courage, the grit, the goodness, and the grace of a Second Lieutenant named Bob Dole, who became Congressman Dole, Senator Dole; a statesman, husband, father, friend, colleague, and a word that’s often overused, but not here, a genuine hero; Bob Dole.

Dean and the clergy officiating today’s service, President Clinton, Vice President Harris, Vice President Pence, and Cheney, and Quayle, Speaker Pelosi, Leader Schumer, Leader McConnell, members of Congress of both parties, past and present, members of the Cabinet, General Milley and leaders of our military, distinguished guests, and most of all, the Dole family. Elizabeth, it’s been said that, “Memory is the power to gather roses in winter.” Bob left you with 45 years’ worth of roses, of a life built and a love shared that’s going to guide you through the difficult days ahead.

Jill and I will always be here for you, as many others in this church will be, as you and Bob were always there for us in ways nobody knows. And Robin, you carry your father’s pride, grace, and character. He’s always going to be with you, because as the old saying goes, we Irish say, “You are your father’s daughter.” You are your father’s daughter.

Bob Dole’s story is a very American one. Born and raised in a three-room house through the Dust Bowl and the Great Depression. Shipped out as a young man to World War Two. Wounded in battle on the same weekend that Franklin Delano Roosevelt was being mourned by millions. Bob came home, rebuilt his life, painful hour by painful day by painful week by painful month by painful year. Hearing he and Danny Inouye, who was wounded on a mountain not far from where he was, talk about the recovery they spent together for all those, literally, several years, it was astounding.

God, what courage Bob Dole had. He then went to school on the G.I. Bill, came to Washington with the New Frontier, bravely voted for civil rights and voting rights in the years of the Kennedys, Lyndon Johnson, and Martin Luther King Jr. Ran for President on the ticket with Gerald Ford. And through the ages of Nixon, Carter, Reagan, Bush the elder, and Clinton, Bob was literally the master of the senate.

We served together for 25 years. We disagreed, but we were never disagreeable with one another, not one time that I can think of. I found Bob to be a man of principle, pragmatism, and enormous integrity. He came into the arena with certain guiding principles that began with devotion to country, to fair play, to decency, to dignity, to honor, to literally attempting to find the common good. That’s how he worked with George McGovern to fight hunger in America, particularly as it affected children, and around the world.

He worked with Teddy Kennedy and Tom Harkin to bring down the barriers of Americans living with disabilities; a profound change and profound act of grace. He worked with Daniel Patrick Moynihan to literally save Social Security because Bob believed every American deserved to grow old with their basic dignity intact. And over the opposition of many in his own party, and some in mine, he managed the bill that created the federal holiday in the name of Martin Luther King, Jr. Bob Dole did that.

He never forgot where he came from, and I never forgot what he said to our colleagues about the effort for the King holiday. And I’ll quote, he said, “No first-class democracy can treat people like second-class citizens. No first-class democracy can treat people like second-class citizens.” Bob didn’t hate the government. He knew the people who needed him most are the people most in need. He wanted government to work, to work for folks like him who came up the hard way. “Just give everybody a chance, Joe. Just a chance.”

During the Depression, Bob’s parents moved into the basement of their three-room, not three-bedroom, their three-room home in Russell, Kansas, so they could rent out, “the upstairs.” Bob understood hardship. He had known hardship, and he never forgot it. He never forgot the people as well who sent him to Washington, people from Russell and from Kansas.

Bob was a man who always did his duty, who lived by a code of honor. Almost seems strange to say that today, but he lived by a code of honor, and he meant it. Just as his colleagues, Republican and Democrat, looked at him, I think they saw him the same way I did. Just ask any who served with him at the time. Bob Dole fit my dad’s description. He said, “You must be a man of your word. Without your word, you’re not a man.” And Bob Dole was a man of his word.

He loved his country, which he served his whole life. The Bible tells us, “To whom much is given, much is expected.” And Bob Dole, for all his hardship, believed he’d been given the greatest gift of all. He was an American. He was an American, and he felt it.

Let’s be honest. Bob Dole was always honest, sometimes to a fault. He once endured the wrath of his fellow Republicans when there was a legitimate fight going on to defund Amtrak. Now, I’ve traveled over 1,200,000 miles on Amtrak because I commuted every single day. It came time for, literally, the deciding vote on whether we were going to defund Amtrak. And he cast the vote against his party, deciding to keep funding Amtrak. And obviously, you might guess, he was asked why, “Why would you do that?” He said, “It’s the best way to get Joe Biden the hell out of here at night so he’s not here in the morning.” Excuse my language. True story. Absolutely true story. God, I loved the guy.

As I said, he was always honest. But Bob relished a good political fight, as much as anybody I’ve ever served with in the 36 years I was in the Senate. And Bob gave as good or better than he got. He was a proud Republican. He chaired his party. He led its caucus in the United States Senate, and he bore the banner as its nominee for Vice President and President of the United States.

He could be partisan, and that was fine. Americans have been partisan since Jefferson and Hamilton squared off in George Washington’s cabinet. But like them, Bob Dole was a patriot. He was a patriot. And here’s what his patriotism teaches us, in my view, as Bob Dole himself wrote at the end of his life, and I quote him, “I cannot pretend that I’ve not been a loyal champion of my party, but I always served my country best when I did so first and foremost as an American.” End of quote. “First and foremost as an American.” That was Bob Dole. Liddy, that was your husband, that was your dad. Always as an American.

He understood that we’re all part of something bigger than ourselves. And he really did, I felt. He really understood it, and that compromise isn’t a dirty word, it’s the cornerstone of our democracy. Consensus is required in a democracy to get anything done. That’s how you get things done. Again, listen to Bob Dole’s words, not mine. I’m quoting him again, “I learned that it is difficult to get anything done unless you can compromise. Not your principles, but your willingness to see the other side. Those who suggest that compromise is a sign of weakness, misunderstand the fundamental strength of democracy.” End of quote.

In his final days, Bob made it clear that he was deeply concerned about the threat to American democracy, not from foreign nations, but from the division tearing us apart from within. And this soldier reminded us, and I quote, “Too many of us have sacrificed too much in defending that freedom from foreign adversaries to allow our democracy to crumble under a state of infighting that grows more unacceptable day by day.” Grows more unacceptable day by day. He wrote this when he knew his days were numbered, in small numbers.

My fellow Americans, taps is now sounding for this soldier of America. Forged in war, tested by adversity. Taps is now sounding for this patriot, driven by a sense of mission to give back to the land that gave him everything to him for which he nearly gave his all. Taps is now sounding for this giant of our time and of all time. We’re bidding this great American farewell. But we know as long as we keep his spirit alive, as long as we see each other not as enemies, but as neighbors and colleagues, as long as we remember that we’re here not to tear down, but to build up, as long as we remember that, then taps will never sound for Bob Dole.

For Bob will be with us always, cracking a joke, moving a bill, finding common ground. In his final message to the nation, Bob said that whenever he started a new journey, whenever he started a new journey, the first thing he would do, and I quote, “is sit back and watch for a few days, then start standing up for what he thought was right.” End of quote. Bob has taken his final journey. He’s sitting back now, watching us. Now, it’s our job to start standing up for what’s right for America.

I salute you, my friend. Your nation salutes you. And I believe the words of the poet R.G. Ingersoll, when he described heroism, better fit you than anyone I know. And Ingersoll wrote the following, “When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death, that is heroism.” May flights of angels sing thee to thy rest, Bob. God bless Bob Dole. God bless America. And may God protect our troops.Gov, thank you. I want to introduce you to a new friend of mine. This is Dane. Dane lived down the street and Dane and he has cousins who are all together. And one cousin, I don’t know where she is. There she is. Come on up here, honey. Can you see me? Come here. She is about to graduate from UK on Friday, on Friday. And I just want you to meet them. I’m sorry to keep you all waiting, but I got a chance to hang out with the whole extended family down there. And I want you to meet a soon to be graduate who wants to go on to graduate school. Come on up here, hon.

What’s your first name?

Abby is here and we’re going to figure something special for her graduation day, but imagine that this Friday she graduates from UK. I kid and say the best thing that ever came out Kentucky was my sister-in-law and is she’s all blue. She went to UK and then she went to Duke Law School and she married my brother. We’re all thankful to everybody for her marrying my brother. And at any rate, so you got to remember me when you’re president, right?

Okay? Thank you. I just want you to meet the folks I was just hanging with. Thank you, honey.

Andy, thank you, Gov for the introduction. Your forbearance is commendable. This has to be an emotional moment for you, the family, for the congressmen, for all of you congressmen. Thanks for the passport into your district. I appreciate it. I want to also thank everyone here that took the time to be here. And you know, one of the things, back in the 1900s, Dawson Springs was a place where people came to be healed because of the mineral waters. Literally, it was a place you came to heal. Now it’s our turn to help the entire town to heal.

You know, I granted the request for the first emergency declaration and a major disaster declaration the moment I received it because I got to know the governor’s father and I knew nothing would come if it wasn’t real. I mean it for real. And you know yesterday I also approved an emergency declaration for the state of Illinois and Tennessee. And I intend to do whatever it takes as long as it takes, as long as it takes to support your state, your local leaders, and as you recover and rebuild because you will recover and you will rebuild.

The scope and scale of this destruction is all almost beyond belief. When you look around here, it’s just almost beyond belief. These tornadoes devoured everything in their path. And you know as I flew over here in the helicopter, you can look down and you see a house 20 yards away from a house that’s devastated and the house is in good shape. I mean it’s just tornadoes are such devastating storms. Back where I’m from, we’re used to hurricanes and floods and high water, but these tornadoes are just something totally different. They devoured everything in their path, your homes, your businesses, your houses of worship, your dreams, your lives.

And you know the governor confirmed or I think you said 74 fatalities so far, Gov? In Kentucky and making these among the deadliest tornadoes to ever strike this state. Almost 14 people are confirmed dead in other states with dozens of people, still, still fearful of where they are. I met one of them. I don’t have permission to use their name, but I met one couple on the way up and said they’re still looking for four of their friends. They don’t know where they are.

And those who lost someone, there’s no words for the pain of losing someone. A lot of us know it. A lot of us understand it, especially around the holidays when everything’s supposed to be happy and joyful. It was a long time ago when I got a phone call around the holidays and found out. I was in Washington as a young senator, not sworn in yet about to be hiring staff and I got a call saying from a first responder, there’d been an accident. A tractor trailer broadsided my wife with a Christmas tree on top and my three kids inside. My wife and daughter are dead, but my mother, a God lover used to always say, “Out of everything terrible, something good will happen. Something good has to happen out of this. It just can’t be all bad. We’ve got to make it better.”

And so, folks, those who have lost someone know, know how tough it is and you know how tough it is. In Mayfield just hours before the storm, we just came from Mayfield, the Gibson Pharmacy had been full of families with children waiting to meet Santa. Now it’s completely gone. And so many businesses vital to the community have been so damaged and destroyed in your town as well. There’s a saying in small towns, “People know about it when you’re born and they care about it when you die.” They know about it when you’re born and they care about it when you die.

Well, in so many places, destruction was met with compassion. Neighbors and first responders racing to helping save each other’s lives and support. I mean, I asked, I’m not joking. I asked when I got to Mayfield what the first thing my first responders, FEMA, and what they heard. They said they were amazed. All they heard was about people just going out helping one another, everybody. Everybody just stepping up. It’s incredible. It’s incredible how you all step up. And so, folks, the fact is I’m going to make sure the federal government steps up and make sure we do every single thing.

For years and years as US senator and then as vice president, I come from Delaware. We have a lot of serious storms, hurricanes, oceans rising, a whole range of things, but you know what? It always took a long time. There’s no reason why it should take any time. We have the wherewithal to get it done. And we’re going to get every single thing you need. And I’m going to make sure the government does what’s needed. At the state’s request, four FEMA search and rescue teams are working here in Kentucky right now. For those without power, FEMA’s already provided 61 generators.

The Army Corps of Engineers has temporary power install teams ready to assist if needed. And we provided critical supplies thus far and a lot more to come. 144,000 liters of drinking water, 24,000 meals, 74,000. And look, thousands of cots and blankets. There are seven shelters open in Kentucky, which are now taken care of 300 occupants, but a lot more is going to occur. Of course, housing is a key. Because of COVID we want to make sure people are out of their shelters as quickly as they can because of COVID. And ultimately, we want to start to provide some certainty for people.

I’ve been involved in responding to a lot of disasters and you can see in people’s faces what they’re really looking for. And look around I say to the press. What they’re looking for is just be able to put their head down on a pillow, be able to close their eyes, take a deep breath, go to sleep and make sure their kids are okay. That’s what people are looking for right now. But a lot of hard work is going to happen in the next two and three months to bring it all the way back. And so folks, the gov and I want to provide you the certainty as well. I just approved the request that I wasn’t sure I had the authority to do, but turns out I do.

The government’s going to cover 100% of the cost, 100% of the cost for the first 30 days for all the emergency work from clearing everything. Every single cost, the federal government’s going to take care of it. And it includes debris removal, cost of overtime and law enforcement, emergency service personnel and shelter. And that’ll get you through. And by the way, I want to thank your wife. She started a toy drive for this part of the state to make sure how many … Come here. I’m taking credit for something I have nothing to do with.

Tell them what you got so far.

20,000 gifts so no kids going to go to sleep we’re they get to sleep tonight without a gift. God love you. And look, we also need to recognize the people have suffered mental and emotional injuries. The cost of this sometimes are unseen and unknown. People talk about post-traumatic stress in the battlefield as I travel through Afghanistan and Iraq. Well, guess what? There’s a lot of post-traumatic stress that comes from lying in your house and all of a sudden the roof goes blowing off, and you wonder whether your kids are around. I really mean it.

So with the shock of losing a home in a business, the grief of losing someone, it’s happening right before the holidays. And I said and we’re going to make sure that you have all the help you need, including the kind of mental help that’s needed to help people through difficult times. And folks, FEMA has opened mobile disaster recovery centers in Mayfield and in Dawson Springs. And it has disaster survivor assistance teams on the ground here in Kentucky to help people register for assistance.

As I said when talk to the governor, only that you’re going to get what you need. We’re going to like make sure you know everything’s available because you don’t always know all that is available, all that is available. And that’s what we’re going to do. And folks, if you live in infected areas, which all of you who are standing here watching me do, you visit disasterassistance.gov, disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA. That’s 1-800-621-3362.

I promise you you’re going to heal. You’re going to recover. You’re going to rebuild. You’re going to be stronger than you were before. We’re going to build back better than it was. And when I come back, I got one beautiful lady and her husband promised me a meal. She’s apparently a hell of a cook. So I’m coming back for the meal. So thank you, thank you, thank you for being here. And to all the families here, keep the faith. We’re going to get this done. I promise you. The governor’s not walking away. Your county judge is not walking away. Your Congress is not walking away. No one’s walking away. We’re in this for the long haul. Thank you very much for your patience.

Not now. We don’t need it yet. We don’t need it now. There has been because of weather disasters just this year, over $99 billion in losses. $99 billion in losses. And as I flew over, I was telling folks here as I was out with the governor of California and Idaho and other states. As you fly over those territories for the better part of an hour looking down, every single solitary thing is leveled because of the fires. Nothing there, the forests, the homes, the businesses.

And guess what? So much area has burned this year because of weather and climate changes that is larger than the entire state of New Jersey. The entire state of New Jersey. That’s how much land has been burned to the ground. So we got a lot to do. We got a lot to do, but the American people are ready to do it. This is the United States of America and there’s not a darn thing we can’t do. Thank you.Well, welcome. I want to welcome my friend, and we’ve known each other for some time, back to the White House. And Mr. Prime minister, we’re going to continue to build on our strong partnership.

When I showed the Prime Minister to his seat, I pointed out that seat is occupied almost every day by an Indian American.

The Vice President’s mother was from India, a scientist, and a remarkable woman.

As I think you know, Mr. Prime minister, I’ve long believed that the U.S.-India relationship can help us solve an awful lot of global challenges.

And in fact, back in 2006, I set that hope out where I said that by 2020, when I was Vice President, 2020, India and United States would be among the closest nations in the world with one another.

And maybe I shouldn’t… These are not part of my prepared remarks, but when I was in Mumbai as Vice President, I finished meeting with the equivalent of the Chamber of Commerce.

And afterwards the Indian press asked me, do I have any relatives in India-

And I said, “I’m not sure,” but when I was elected as a 29-year-old kid in 1972, before I was sworn in, I got a letter from a person named Biden, last name, from Mumbai.

And I said, “Well, I never was able to follow up.”

Next morning, I had a press conference going away and the Indian press said… Someone spoke and said, “You have five Bidens in India.”

And although we never admitted it, jokingly, that I found out that there was a Captain George Biden, who was a captain in the East Indian Tea Company.

That’s hard for an Irish man to admit.

I shouldn’t be so casual with you all but I hope you understand the humor here, but… And the end result was that he apparently stayed and married an Indian woman, and I’ve never been able to track it down. So the whole purpose of this meeting is for him to help me figure out .

But all kidding aside, I think that the relationship between India and the United States, the largest democracies in the world, is destined to be stronger, closer and tighter. And I think it can benefit the whole world.

And I think that’s began to come to pass, and today we’re launching a new chapter in the history of U.S.-Indian ties and taking on some of the toughest challenges we face together, starting with a shared commitment to ending the COVID pandemic.

The Prime Minister and I are going to be talking today about what more we can do to fight COVID-19, take on the climate challenges that the world face and ensure stability in Indo-Pacific, including with our own Quad partners.

Of course, our partnership is more than just what we do. It’s about who we are. It’s rooted in our shared responsibility to pull democratic values, our joint commitment to diversity, and it’s about family ties, including four million, four million Indian Americans who make the United States stronger every single day.

As the world celebrates Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday next week, we’re all reminded that his message of non-violence, respect, tolerance, matters today maybe more than it ever has. So I’m looking forward to my discussions with the Prime Minister and thank you.

Primer Minister, the floor is yours.

We’re related?

Thank you.

Thank you, everyone.Aisha, thank you very much. Your story is important and for everyone to hear, and thank God you’re with us today. Today I’d like to talk about how we’re going to help millions of Americans protect and preserve their health, and live with the dignity of knowing that they can care for themselves and their loved ones all by making the cost of prescription drugs much more reasonable. At the outset, I want to be clear. We acknowledge the groundbreaking life-saving work that many pharmaceutical companies are doing. Look no further than the vaccines and the treatments they’re manufacturing and delivering that are helping fight this pandemic.

Our miraculous therapies have in some cases turned diseases that were once considered death sentences into treatable conditions, but we can make a distinction between developing those breakthroughs and jacking up prices on a range of medicines which have been on the market for years without making a substance and substantive change in the medication itself, the medicine itself.

Here in America, it will not surprise you to know that we pay the highest prescription drug prices of any developed nation in the world. Let me say that again. We pay the highest, highest prescription drug prices of any developed nation in the world. That may surprise you. It may surprise you that we pay about two to three times what other countries paid for the same drug. An example, one anti-cancer drug cost $14,000 in the United States. That same exact drug by the same manufacturer costs $6,000 in France.

Today, one in four Americans who take prescription drugs struggle to afford them. Nearly 30%, nearly 30% of these patients have skipped doses of essential drugs that they have to take. Others have simply not fulfilled the prescription, tried to use an over-the-counter drug and cut pills in half because they can’t afford the cost of their prescription. You know, even if you think this doesn’t affect you, it does. Everyone has less money in their pockets because high drug costs make health insurance expensive for everyone.

There aren’t a lot of things that almost every American can agree on, but I think it’s safe to say that all of us, all of us, whatever our background, our age, where we live, we can agree the prescription drugs are outrageously expensive in this country. It doesn’t need to be that way. Under my Build Back Better bill, which has passed the House of Representatives, it won’t be the same way.

One of the most egregious examples of what’s happening with drug prices regarding the treatment of diabetes is the cost of insulin, a drug that people with Type 1 diabetes need to take throughout their lives to control their diabetes and stay alive. It’s almost exactly 100 years ago, but a 14-year-old boy in Canada dying of diabetes became the first person to receive an injection of insulin. Today, one bottle of this life-saving liquid costs less than $10 to manufacture, but in certain types of insulin, prices increased by 15% or more each year for the past decade.

Depending on the nature of someone’s Type 1 diabetes, the average sticker price for a month supply of insulin is about $375. But some people, it can be as high as $1,000 a month because they need to take more. I just met with two lovely women we see in front of me today here. Sarah Skipper was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at age five. She has a sister Shelby who was diagnosed at age eight. She told me that affording insulin has been the challenge of her and her family’s entire life. Sometimes she and her sister ration doses.

In 2018, Sarah was no longer covered by her parents’ policy. Although she was working two jobs, she hadn’t met her healthcare plan’s deductible and insulin was about $1,000 a month supply for her. So she started sharing her sister’s insulin from the same vial. At one point because Shelby thought Sarah had taken her dose, that Shelby cut a dose in half because the bottle was sitting there and it would look like it was half empty. Is that correct? And at that time she thought, “Well, I guess what?” She hadn’t taken it yet.

Shelby had been hospitalized as a consequence for four days, working two jobs, sharing insulin from the same vial in America. Shame on us as a nation that we can’t do better than this. Sarah’s about to start a new job and doesn’t yet know what the insulin will cost. Sarah said, it’s a quote. “I wish I could make a decision that didn’t include diabetes.” She shouldn’t have to ask such a question.

You know, I think about what just happened with Aisha who’s diagnosed with diabetes three days before her 21st birthday, having to choose between rent and groceries and medication. Quote, “Relentlessly without relief every day” was your quote to me. Having to ration her supply and feeling herself, as she says, “Slowly dying.” She ended up in a coma. Think about that. The difference between nearly dying and thriving is the cost of one drug. Sarah and Aisha are far, far from being alone.

It’s estimated that 34 million Americans, 10% of the population have diabetes, including more than 1.5 million who have Type 1 diabetes requiring daily doses of insulin that’s in varying quantities. Remember all of stress, hardship, suffering, and sacrifice is due to a drug that costs just a few bucks to make. One study found that Americans pay 10 times as much as other countries for insulin. These price increases are about companies looking to maximize profits and nobody is standing up for the patients, nobody with the power to do something about it.

It’s enough, enough. Nobody has held the manufacturers accountable until now. My Build Back Better bill takes three key steps to lower the cost for families dealing with diabetes. First, we’re going to cap cost share for insulin at $35 per month. That means you can’t get charged more than 35 bucks at a pharmacy counter for your insulin. That’s across the board. Whether you get health insurance through private policy, the Affordable Care Act Marketplace or through Medicaid, nobody is going to pay more than $35 each month for insulin.

Second, for people who don’t have health insurance, we’re helping you get insurance. That way, people with diabetes can get protected with that $35 copay cap. People who are uninsured today can visit healthcare.gov to check out the options. In many cases, people can get a full healthcare plan, including coverage for insulin and other prescription drugs, doctor visits and hospitalizations for less than $10 a month if you sign up for the plan. If you live in a state that has refused to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, my Build Back Better bill is going to fix that as well. These changes are going to ensure access to affordable coverage for millions more Americans, and help more people with diabetes get coverage they desperately need.

Third, we’re going to end the days when drug companies can increase their prices with no oversight and no accountability. Going forward, drug companies that increase the prices faster than inflation are going to face a steep excise tax. In other words, we’re saying to drug companies if you’re finally doing it because to be accountable when your prices to the American people go up, you’re going to be accountable. This is important not only from a health standpoint, but the standpoint of personal dignity.

Imagine if you’re a parent of one of the roughly 200,000 young people in this country that suffer from Type 1 diabetes. Imagine if you can’t afford their insulin, it’s not only a risk to your child’s life, it deprives you of your dignity. Just imagine as a parent having a child with Type 1 diabetes and not a damn thing you can do about making sure they have it. You sold what you could sold. You don’t have the money to get it done.

Well, my plan addresses an additional fear patients face, which is that when their children are starting their careers and are no longer eligible on their parents’ healthcare plan, they’ll be able to get insulin that they need. Outrageous costs affecting everyone across the board spanning every kind of conditioned disease. I remember what it was like from my mom when she got older and moved in with us. Her prescription drugs were thousands of dollars on a monthly basis.

Fortunately, I had three other siblings and we collectively had the means to chip in so she didn’t have to exhaust all of her savings and sell whatever she had left to make sure she could get her drug costs covered. So I’m committed, I’m committed to using every tool I have to lower prescription drug costs for Americans consistent with the drug companies getting a fair return on their investment. To really solve this problem, we need the Senate to follow the House of Representatives lead and pass my Build Back Better bill.

In addition to the specific progress that the Build Back Better bill is going to make for families facing diabetes. It’ll also take the additional step of lowering drug costs for people on Medicare. Right now, the only thing Medicare is not allowed to negotiate. They can negotiate the cost of doctors visits, hospitalization and all the rest. The one thing they can’t as a matter of law, they’re not allowed to negotiate the price for prescription drugs. For everything else, doctors visits, crutches, they can negotiate. My plan gets rid of that prohibition.

What I’m proposing is that we negotiate a fair price, one that reflects the cost of research and development, a need for significant progress. Excuse me, a need for significant profit, but that is still affordable to consumers. Right now, drug companies will set the price at whatever the market will bear. My plan also caps the amount that seniors on Medicare have to spend on prescription drugs each year to know more than $2,000 per year, with Medicaid and drug companies picking up the rest of the cost. And again, our plan says that any drug company can only raise prices based on the rate of inflation and caps insulin cost sharing at $35 a month.

So let me close with this. I’ve long said healthcare should be a right, not a privilege in this country. And the women I’ve met with today and millions like them are the reason why. People for whom cost of one drug is the difference between hope and fear, life and death, dignity and dependence. We’re closer than ever to passing my Build Back Better bill and providing people suffering from diabetes and so many other diseases the medicines they need and the dignity they deserve being able to afford them.

This is not a partisan issue. Diabetes, Alzheimer’s, cancer, so many other diseases. They don’t care if you’re a Democrat or Republican. It’s not about whether or not your loved ones can afford a prescription drug you need. So we need Congress to finish the job, to come together and make the difference in people’s lives. I want to thank both the guests here today for being so straightforward with me. We had a good conversation in the office before coming over here. I admire you both. I admire you both.

And as my grandpop used to say, “With the grace of God and the goodwill of the neighbors, we’re going to get this done.” So you don’t have to worry every single day about what you’re going to be able to do. God bless you and God protect our troops. Thank you so much.I’m honored to have a chance to have him here. He returned a small amount of hospitality compared to all the hospitality he provided for the G7 and our families in Cornwall. And since then our countries have worked with close cooperation on a whole range of things in our fellow democracies. We continue to work on, and we’re going to talk about today, the ambitions we made out at the G7 and we’re turning to our revitalized Atlantic Charter to make it something to turn into real action. So it plays a major role with the challenges we face.

Earlier today, I addressed the United Nations General Assembly, and I made clear the climate has to be the core area of action for all of us. As we look ahead to UK-hosted COP26, which I am really anxious to attend in Glasgow in November, Mr. Prime Minister.

And we’re promoting our democratic-

We’re going to be there.

With bells on, as they say. We’re going to also … Our economies have to work together, including through our Build Back Better World Initiative that we launched at Carbis Bay. Today we’re going to discuss the next steps on all of this, and as well as how the US and UK can continue our cooperation in Afghanistan and the Indo-Pacific and around the world. I want to thank you again, Boris, for making the effort to be here. And I understand, Boris, I just want you to know Boris, you came down on Amtrak, is that right?

I am. I’ve traveled millions of miles. You think I’m joking?

Well, they should. I travel more on Amtrak. I think if I were conductor, I’d be number one in seniority. I got to tell you a quick story that has nothing to do with anything. When I was vice president, the secret service didn’t like me traveling on Amtrak because there we’re too many options for people to cause trouble along the way, but I insisted I do it. One day they put in the newspaper, “Biden travels 1 million … I think, don’t hold me to exact numbers, I think it was 350,000 miles on Air Force Two. And walking up to getting on the train on that Friday, and a guy who was the number three guy from New Jersey on seniority as a conductor, walked up and grabbed me, and he goes like this, “Joey, baby.” Grabs me cheek. I thought the secret service was going to shoot him.

And I said, “No, no, he’s a friend.” He said, “Joey, big deal. A 1,300,000 miles on Air Force Two, you know how many miles you travel on Amtrak?” I said, “No.” He said, “At the retirement dinner we worked it out.” He said, “36 years in the Senate. X number of years at that point as vice president. Average 131 days a year, 257 miles a day. Joey you traveled over 2 million miles, big deal.”

I thought they should name the railroad after me or something, but anyway.

Yeah, they did that.

And we’re going to be working on lamb, too.

Good luck.

Ask him a question.

Two things. One, that latter case is being worked on. I was under the impression, but I don’t know this. I want to be clear. I was under the impression there had been a civil settlement reached, but I don’t know that.

Based on what I’ve been told, it was not an intentional act. It was someone who is new to driving on the wrong side of the road, quote unquote. But, I’ll follow up on that. I express my sympathies when it occurred, but I don’t know the status of that case right now. The other question was?

A Brexit free trade … Well, we’re going to talk about trade a little bit today, and we’re going to have to work that through.

You smiled when you said, “The whiskey.”

There are two separate issues. On the deal with UK, that’s continued to be discussed. But on the protocols, I feel very strongly about those. We spent an enormous amount of time and effort in the United States. It was a major bipartisan effort made. I would not at all like to see, nor I might add would many of my Republican colleagues like to see a change in the Irish courts, at the end result having a closed border again.We’re preparing to wrap up another busy day in Scotland. I think we got a lot done. We had a lot of good substantive meetings with my fellow leaders, and most of all, it was critically important to the United States to be here at COP26. Back in the Paris Agreement, raising domestic climate ambitions, and demonstrating a commitment to support the rest of the world, particularly those countries that are on the front lines of the climate crisis. Today, I spoke with leaders of forested nations, island nations, developing countries, and my message to them was United States is going to be their partner as we meet this climate crisis. And I want to thank the United Kingdom and Prime Minister Johnson for hosting us, hosting the world, at a critical moment, as well as I met with Prince Charles, who’s put together a very significant operation over the last six, seven years trying to bring in the private sector to work on a number of these issues.

Glasgow must be the start of, you’re tired of hearing me say it, but a decisive decade of action so we can keep the limit of 1.5 degrees within the reach of us and the rest of the world. We have to keep accelerating our progress. Today’s agreement by than 100 countries representing 85% of the world’s forests to halt and reverse deforestation by 2030. There’s a great example of the kind of ambition we need and the United States is proud to have initiated and supported it. For our part, the United States is going to keep raising the ambition and delivering the goal that we are reducing U.S. emissions by 50% to 52%, as Secretary Kerry’s talked about, from the 2005 levels by 2030. This decade we have to make significant progress. And by the way, I might note parenthetically, I can’t think of any two days where more has been accomplished dealing with climate than these two days.

Overall, the past two days, I’ve announced a series of initiatives that are going to make sure we hit the target of including today two new rules to reduce methane losses from new and existing oil and gas operations and from natural gas pipelines. Thanks to our joint effort with the EU, we’ve grown the Global Methane Pledge. Remember I raised it when I spoke to the United Nations from nine countries signing onto that pledge in September at the United Nations. More than 100 countries have signed on. It’s about half the world’s methane emissions and 70% of the worlds global GDP. We made commitments to promote climate smart agriculture, spur innovation, catalyze private finance for a clean economy and to drive high standard clean climate resilient infrastructure through the Build Back Better initiative. We had a great meeting today where we sat and talked about the whole focus of my Build Back Better initiative, which was adopted by the G7, was that everything should be focused on as we help with the infrastructure of the rest of the world, which needs it badly, focused on climate, climate.

The example is that, you build a gas or oil refinery, you’re going to have that for next 30 years. Well, why not invest now if we’re going to provide for the help for nations in solar capacity or wind capacity? The point is, we also brought through the new President’s Emergency Plan for Adaptation and Resilience. We called it, I’m getting tired of acronyms I have to admit to you, but it’s called a PREPARE. We’re going to support climate adaptation efforts and more than a half a billion people worldwide. We also released our overall longterm strategy that outlines how we’ll get to net zero emissions by 2050. We know that this must be a whole society effort. I also want to thank the representatives from the private sector and from labor and philanthropies, civil societies who are dedicating themselves to the climate action efforts we’re all making here.

That leadership together with action by state and local and tribal governments has been essential in the United States. That’s why despite the previous administrations pulling us out of the Paris Agreement and refusing even to acknowledge there was a climate crisis, we still brought down emissions during that period. I also want to acknowledge the passion and power of the young people and the activists who are doing such vital work to remind us of our moral obligation to future generations. But look, as I said yesterday, it’s not just a moral imperative. It’s an economic imperative as well. Investing in our clean energy future is an enormous opportunity for every country to create good paying jobs and spur a broad based economic recovery. As I’ve said, you heard me say it before and my colleague as well, when I think of climate crisis, I think of jobs and that’s what the Build Back Better framework will do for the American people.

It’s going to bring historic investment in clean energy addressing the climate crisis. It’s going to cut greenhouse gas emissions by well over a gigaton by 2030. It’s going to save consumers money on their energy bills and tax credits for things like installing solar panels and weatherization of their homes. It’s also going to provide manufacturing credits to make sure the United States is competing in energy markets for future like solar panels and wind turbines. It’s also going to accelerate electric vehicles and electric school buses and build a nationwide network of 500,000 charging stations of power. It’s about jobs. It’s about competitiveness versus complacent. It’s about making the world safer, cleaner, healthier, a place for our children and children all around the world to look to the future in a way that they can’t now. And so there’s so many other things that have happened today that I feel good about, but let me start, if you will, I’ll be happy to take your questions. Phil, you got a question? I watch you on TV a lot.

Well, let me start off by addressing the first part of not the question, the statement and that is that I indicated that China and Russia not showing up in Saudi Arabia was a problem. We showed up. We showed up and by showing up we’ve had a profound impact on the way I think the rest of the world is looking at the United States and its leadership role. I think it’s been a big mistake quite frankly for China with respect to China not showing up. The rest of the world is going to look to China and say, “What value additive are they providing?” And they’ve lost an ability to influence people around the world and all the people here at COP. The same way I would argue with regard to Russia. With regard to the more profound question about, am I worried about-

With regard to the more profound question about am I worried about an armed conflict or some of that accidentally occurring with China? No, I’m not. But I have had, as I’ve said before, and I think we’ve talked about this, although I may be mistaken, that I think, as I’ve said, I look at China… And I’ve had hours of conversations with Xi Jinping, both in-person when I was vice president and since I’ve been president at least five or six hours worth of conversations on a telephone. And I’m going to be having a virtual summit with him. I made it clear, this is competition, it does not have to be conflict. There’s no reason there need be conflict, but I’ve also indicated to him, so I’m not reluctant to say it publicly, that we expect him to play by the rules of the road.

We’re not going to change our attitude toward the constitution and international airspace, international sea lanes, et cetera. We also have made it clear that we have to work on dealing with things like cyber security and a whole range of other issues. But I’m not looking for, I don’t anticipate there will be a need for there will be physical conflict. But as you’ve heard me say this before, my dad had an expression, he said the only conflict worse than one that’s intended is one that’s unintended. One that’s unintended. And so, in my meetings with him virtually coming up, we haven’t set the exact date yet, I want to make sure there’s no misunderstanding. It’s competition, not conflict. So, there’s no unintended. Yeah, Peter?

Number one, I’m not going to talk about the specifics of my conversations. He will vote for this  in this proposal what he has anticipated, and that is looking at the fine print and the detail of what comes out of the House in terms of the actual legislative initiative. I believe that Joe will be there. With regard to the issue of whether or not he thinks that he’s worried about this being inflationary or going to be negative impact in the economy, I think that I’ve made it clear to Joe, and we’ll continue to and we will, that… I apologize to repeat it, Peter, but 17 Nobel laureates rates in economics that it’s going to lower inflation, raise wages, increase competition, create two million jobs a year, et cetera. And so, I think that I understand that Joe is looking for the precise detail to make sure nothing got slipped in in terms of the way in which the legislation got written that is different than he acknowledged he would agree. But I think we’ll get this done.

Well, look, first of all, the significant reason why prices are up is because of COVID affecting supply chain. I mean, I’m not trying to be… I know you know this. Number one. Number two, if you take a look at gas prices and you take a look at oil prices, that is a consequence of, thus far, the refusal of Russia or the OPEC nations to pump more oil. And we’ll see what happens on that score sooner than later. Number three, I think if you take a look at what we’re talking about, you look to this coming Thanksgiving, we’re in a situation where we find that we are in a very different circumstance. Last Thanksgiving, as I said this year we’re working on a supply chain issue. Well, last Thanksgiving, I sat down with my wife, my daughter, and my son-in-law. This Thanksgiving we’re all in a very different circumstance. Things are a hell of a lot better. And the wages have gone up higher faster than inflation. And we have generated real economic growth. It doesn’t mean these dislocations aren’t real. They do affect people’s lives.

For example, one of the reasons why I decided to talk about the need to deal with the operation and the gouging that occurs in some of the pricing of beef and chicken and other things, is that that’s why I indicated to you were going to look at whether or not there’s a violation of antitrust laws and what they’re doing. So, there’s a lot to look at. But the bottom line is that I think that, and anyone who would prefer, as bad as things are in terms of prices, helping hurting families now, trade this Thanksgiving for last Thanksgiving.

Jen Epstein, Wall Street Journal.

I mean, excuse me, I beg your pardon.

I got it. I got it.

Especially since my granddaughter works for you guys in a different circumstance, so I got it. I’m in trouble.

No, no, and no. No, I’m not going to discuss it with you because that’s in the train now. We’ll be making those announcements fairly quickly. It’s been in train for some time, number one. Number two, I also would indicate that I think we’re going to have plenty of time to make sure all of the major nominees are able to be clear in time that where their terms would expire. And number three, I’ve given a lot of thought to it, and I’ve been meeting with my economic advisors on what the best choices are and we got a lot of good choices, but I’m not going to speculate now. Nancy, CPS. I think you had your hand up. I’m sorry, did you?

Because we want to be able to breathe, and we want to be able to leave the world. Look, I mean it sincerely. I think presumptuous of me to say, talk for another leader, but the fact that China is trying to assert understandably, a new role in the world as a world leader, not showing up, come on.

The single most important thing that’s gotten the attention of the world is climate, everywhere from Iceland to Australia to… I mean, it just is a gigantic issue, and they’ve walked away. How do you do that and claim to be able to have any leadership mantle?

Same with Putin in Russia. His tundra is burning. Literally the tundra is burning. He has serious, serious climate problems, and he is mum on the willingness to do anything. And so I genuinely believe, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, when I said at COP7, excuse me, at the G7 that America was back, people wondered whether, well, is that really true?

Well, we were able to change the dynamic of a lot of things coming out of the G7. I think what I’m about to say sounds awfully self-serve… Two world leaders came up to me today and said, “Thank you for your leadership. You’re making a big difference here. You’re moving people.”

I think you and I talked about that, John, with one of the folks talking to us. And so I think the fact that America showed up, America showed up and decided to lead and lay out clearly what it wished to do.

For example, as I said, the mere fact that we were able to go from seven or eight people or countries talking about, or maybe it was as high as 14, I don’t remember the original number, to deal with the whole notion of methane. Now 100 nations have signed. 100 nations, a hundred nations have signed on to reduce methane by 30% by 3030. And methane is 25 times more toxic to the environment than CO2.

So we are making real progress. Or the deforestation issue. Look what we’re doing. Look what we’ve been able to put together. And in addition to that, one of the things that I feel the best about, and I don’t claim uniquely any unique credit for it. But I think that we’ve gotten for the first time a combination of dealing with an international problem that circumstances affect all nations, that we’ve not only gotten countries off the sideline in terms of making significant financial contributions, but literally, literally trillions of dollars worth of the private sector jumping in, knowing they’ve got to play and they’re going to play an incredibly positive part in dealing with these problems.

It’s real, it’s genuine. And so I just think that old bad expression, proof of the puddings is in the eating. I feel confident we’re going to get done what we have to do at home in order to deliver.

And lastly, if you take a look at what economy’s growing. The United States, it’s growing. It has problems mainly because of COVID and supply chain, but it’s growing. We’ve created over 6 million jobs. We’re leading the world in terms of the fastest growing economy, major economies.

So I think we’re going through a difficult time in the world because of COVID, because of supply chain consequences, because of the environment and all that’s occurred, the way it’s in fact imploded in the near term. But as I said to you earlier, and I really mean it. I think it presents a gigantic opportunity, an opportunity to a sense, press the restart button and move in a direction that I think the vast majority of countries…

And look, I’m sure you interview other world leaders that are here. The vast majority think this is an opportunity. I’m not quite sure exactly what to do, exactly how to do it. Not that I have all the answers, I’m not implying that. But they know that. They know that growth rests in dealing with the economy in a way that affects the whole notion of what we’re going to do about climate change. And it’s a gigantic opportunity.

Okay. I called on the Wall Street Journal, Catherine. I got the wrong one. Sorry, let’s try the real Wall Street Journal.

We’re going to win. I think we’re going to win in Virginia. And you know, you’re reporting it being close. The race is very close. It’s about who shows up, who turns out. And granted, I did win by a large margin, but the point of the matter is that I think that this is going to be what we all knew from the beginning. It’s going to be a tight race, and it is tight. It’s going to get down to turnout, and it’s going to, my guess is I’m going to be landing at one o’clock in the morning East Coast time. That’s probably about the time we’ll be hearing what the final results are.

I think we’re going to win New Jersey, as well. But look, the off-year is always unpredictable, especially when we don’t have a general election going on at the same time. That’s been the case up and down for a long time, especially as Virginia’s turned more and more blue.

But having said that, I don’t believe, and I’ve not seen any evidence that whether or not I am doing well or poorly, whether or not I’ve got my agenda passed or not is going to have any real impact on winning and losing.

Even if we had passed my agenda, I wouldn’t claim we won because Biden’s agenda passed. But I think it’s going to be very close. I think it’s going to get down to, as you all know, turnout. And I think that based on what I have heard so far, it’s awful hard for me to be prognosticating, which I don’t like doing as President anyway from overseas.

But I hope that every eligible voter in Virginia and New Jersey shows up and votes, and the more of them do, the better off I think our chances are. And I think we’re going to win. Okay? All right. NPR, Scott?

Well first of all, I think anyone who is focused on the environment should be worried. We’ve got a lot more to do beyond what we’ve done. We’ve done more than we’ve ever done though. That’s the point. And more has to be done. And I don’t find… I didn’t have a single member of this conference come up to me and say, “Are you going to pass what you have? And what do you think? How’s that going to affect and what are you going to do?” What they’re looking at is what in fact has happened in terms of everything from dealing with deforestation to what we’re going to do on Build Back Better and how we’ve been able to focus now. I mean, when’s the last time you heard world leaders sit down together and agree that what they’re going to do is when they deal with the needs of the infrastructure of other countries, that they’re going to focus first and foremost on whether or not what the climate impact is on that?

So I think, look, there’s a reason for people to be worried. I’m worried. I’m worried if we don’t continue to move forward and make the kind of progress we’re now making that it’s going to… I mean, we’ve thrown into jeopardy the prospect that we’re going to be able to keep the temperature rising above 1.5 degree Celsius. But I’m optimistic because I think there’s a… How can I say it? I guess maybe the best way to say it, Scott, is what I feel is that the populations of each of our countries have a different perspective than they did at COP25. I think there is, not because of necessarily any of the leaders of any of our countries, including mine, that all of a sudden people are seeing these things happening they never thought would happen.

They’re seeing people drown in their basements in Queens, New York because of flooding and rain. They’re seeing more territory burned down in the United States just since the first of the year than it makes up the entire land mass of the state of New Jersey. They’ve seen hurricane with a top winds of 178 miles an hour. I mean, so they’re looking at these things. They’re seeing the water’s warming, they’re seeing a whole range of things occurring around the world that haven’t happened. And it’s sort of like, “Whoa, whoa,” because I don’t get what I used to get when I started to… There’s no reason why anyone remember this, but back when a fine Republican, a guy named Dick Luger was from the state of Indiana. And he and I were either the chairman or ranking members of the foreign relations committee. This is over 20 years ago. We ended up proposing, and it worked, but it got no enthusiasm, a thing for debt for nature swaps.

People looked at us like, “What the hell are you doing? Why are you forgiving the debt so Brazil won’t burn down more of the forest? Why are you doing that? So they will do…” Now everybody goes, “Whoa, what else can you do? What else can you do?” So I think there’s a whole different attitude that’s out there. And I think this is being led, and I’m not being solicitous here, I think this is being led by my granddaughters and their friends, that generation. I think they’re out there going, “Whoa.” And they’re having a profound impact, having a profound impact on their parents and their grandparents about what’s happening. And then all these climactic and climatic acting things have happened that people are now paying attention like they never did before. So, there’s a lot more to do, and it’s going to determine whether or not we are going to be able to fund what we’re talking about.

But for example, even if the funding didn’t come from some of the governments, you have the private sector now engaged where they’re talking about and investing literally the need to invest over trillions of dollars out off the sidelines. It’s bankers that are now deciding they got to… I talked a long time ago with you all about that you have major corporate America pricing in the price of carbon. It matters. So things are changing. We just have to have the right stewardship and enough sense as world leaders to get it right. So thank you also very much. Appreciate it.Well, I’m not being facetious with the answer I’m about to give you, but I’m not going to be a prognosticator and make a judgment on how the election could or would’ve been different. Each state is different and I don’t know. But I think the one message that came across was get something done. It’s time to get something done. Y’all, stop talking, get something done. And so I think, again, that’s what the American people are looking for, and I think it’s a legitimate… And when you ask how we were able to bring things together? Well… Look, all kidding aside, I believe everybody in the process is entitled to be treated with respect, and I’ve been doing this kind of thing… It’s not all me, but I’ve been doing this thing my whole life.

I’ve been able in the Senate to put things together when people said they couldn’t be put together just by making the overwhelming point that you can’t have all you want. It’s a process. There’s no one piece of legislation that’s going to solve everybody’s problems. So I spent a lot of time, as you probably heard, with a lot of people, both political parties and within my party, saying, “Look, if we move on what’s here in this bill, that is the infrastructure bill, it is a game changer in a half a dozen ways. The fact that it has too much where you don’t want and not enough where you don’t want, let’s be reasonable. Let’s take a look at this. Let’s do what we all agree at a minimum is in the interest to the American people. And if you want to add more, we can fight about it later, or you want to subtract some of it.”

I’ve never voted for a major piece of legislation, an omnibus bill, that I was for every piece of it. People say, “Well, how do I explain this?” I said, “Well, you explain to your constituency, and I’m not telling you how to do it, but you go home and say, this is what it did. It had one piece in here. There’s not enough money for this, or there’s too much money for that. But overall, this has been a gigantic benefit to my congressional district.” And so I spent a lot of time taking questions from both. And by the way, everybody, at the end of the day, I have to admit, dealt with me fairly.

And part of the process, and it’s probably more than need to know, but part of the process is getting to know all the people personally again. I’ve been out of government for four years. I used to do this every day. I used to know about everybody’s district I was working with when I was vice president. I’d know them and call up and say, “Hey, Charlie or Harry or Mary.” And so it’s getting to know a lot of these people, to build trust, because everything I say, “I’m going to try to do,” I will try to do. And I think that’s also part of the process.

Well, first of all, I’m not anticipating that OPEC respond, that Russia and or Saudi Arabia wouldn’t respond. They’re going to pump some more oil. Whether they pump enough oil is a different thing. There are other tools in the arsenal that we have to deal, and I’m dealing with other countries at an appropriate time. I will talk about it, that we can get more energy in the pipeline, figuratively and literally speaking. I don’t start off with any assumption that I can’t get anybody to vote for anything. I’m . I think what’s going to happen is we’re going to see what happens in the Senate and whether or not I need only democratic votes, which is likely, which is the likely outcome. And the question is, can I get all of those votes? This is a process. And all along, you told me I can’t do any of it anyway from the very beginning.

No, no, be honest. Okay? You didn’t think we could do any of it. And I don’t blame you. Because you look at the facts, you wonder, how’s this going to get done? But I think there’s a dawning on the part of a lot of people, a whole elective office, that if you get some of this done, things are better for them as well as everybody else. And I’m sure some calculation’s saying, “Well, Biden gets this other bill and he’s going to be moving too fast and it’s going to hurt. The Democrats are going to be doing too well.” That’s why I think we have to try to figure out how to make the case across the board as to… There’s a lot of things we have to tackle yet.

I’m not going to answer that question for you, because I’m not going to get into who made what commitments to me. I don’t negotiate in public. But I feel confident, I feel confident that we will have enough votes to pass the Build Back Better plan.

Me.

I’m sorry?

Time will tell.

No, I didn’t say that. Let’s get it straight. You said, “Everybody coming across the border gets $450,000.”

The number I was referring do.

Now, here’s the thing.

If in fact, because of the outrageous behavior of the last administration, you coming across the border, whether it was legal or illegal, and you lost your child, you lost your child, it’s gone, you deserve some kind of compensation no matter what the circumstance. What that will be, I have no idea. I have no idea. Yes.

I’m not going to comment on Iran now. And the China bill you’re referring to, everything in good time. We got to get this through. We got to get this through. Next thing is Build Back Better.

Well, in order. I’m going to take one more question and then-

Well, Abigail’s a friend. We had a long talk. She joked and said, “I have a picture of Roosevelt hanging in my office,” her office, okay? I don’t intend to be anybody but Joe Biden. That’s who I am. And what I’m trying to do is do the things that I ran on to do. And look, people out there are ordinary, hard working Americans, are really, really been put through the ringer the last couple years, starting with COVID. COVID has disrupted almost every family one way or another, whether it’s wearing a mask or losing a family member. With 750,000 plus Americans dead? 750,000. And so people are worried. People are also worried about coming up  they don’t, understandably. Why is the price of agricultural products, when I go to the store, why is it higher?

For example, if we were all going out and having lunch together and I said, “Let’s ask whoever’s on the next table, no matter what restaurant we’re in, have them explain the supply chain to us,” think they’d understand what we’re talking about? They’re smart people, but supply chain. Well, why is everything backed up? Well, it’s backed up because the people that supply the materials that end up being on our kitchen table or in our life, guess what? They’re closed those plants because they have COVID. And so it’s a complicated world that people are facing. We’ve never faced anything like this before. I’m not saying it’s the worst of every time in American history, but we never faced anything this defiant of understanding of what’s going on. And you can understand why people are upset.

Whether you have a PhD or you’re working in a restaurant, it’s confusing. And so people are understandably worried. They’re worried. And so all I can say is what I’m going to try to do is explain to the American people as best I can. And by the way, you all write for a living. I haven’t seen any one of you explain supply chain very well. No, no, I’m not being critical. I’m being deadly earnest. When your editor says, “Explain the supply chain.” Lots of luck in your senior years, my . But I sincerely mean it. This is a confusing time, confusing time. Think of all those children, all those children who may have lost more than a year of education by only being out one semester. Think of all that’s going on in terms of access to everything from when you go back to college, if you’re in college, do you have to wear your mask? Who’s your roommate? This is a confusing moment.

And it seems to me that my job as the President of the United States is to try to figure out, myself as well, what is most needed to put people at ease and let them know there’s a way through this? There’s a way through this. The world there’s never been here before. That sounds like hyperbole, but think about it. Think about it. This truly is one of those inflection points in history. All the pieces on the board are moving, both in terms of the relationships among and between nations, as well as the pieces of what employment future people have. How do we do this? And so this is a confusing time, but I promise, I promise the American people, I have one focus. How do we give you some breathing room?

How do we get you to the point where we take pressure off you so you can begin to get back to a degree of normality and we move to a different place? And this time when we move, and by the way, everybody internationally uses the Build Back Better now. When I used the phrase initially, people looked at me like, “Build Back Better. What it means?” We’re the only country in the world gone through a crisis, that goes through a crisis, and come out better than we were brought before the crisis occurred. That’s building back better than it was before. And so this is a process. We’re going to see, take it every day, every moment, one moment at a time. I’m going to get in real trouble. This is the last question I’m taking. You can decide who I’m pointing to.

I don’t want to make your job easier. I know the answer exactly when it’s going to be passed, and I know exactly how it’s going to…

Well, they’ll see the effects of the bill, this bill, probably starting within the next two to three months, as we get things, shovels into the ground, and people being told are going to be working in the following things and things are going to move. It is a bill that’s paid out over a number of years. The biggest thing it does is you’re going to have people going, “Oh, okay. Oh, I guess I’m going to be able to keep my job, or I’m going to be able to get a job doing that, or I’m moving.” So I can’t tell you any of that with precision. If anybody can, then they ought to go into fortune telling, but it’s going to be a provision, a bill that is going to have a profound impact over time.

It’s a little like, and I’ll end with this, a little like when we first came to office. And a lot of this has to do with this lady right here, the vice president. Not all me. I used to stand there and have to listen to the president. She’s got to stand and listen to the president. But she deserves an enormous amount of the credit. But here’s what the deal. When we came to office, we were told virtually by everybody, “You can’t get this economy moving.” Remember when they told me, there’s no way I could get 2 million shots a day into people’s arms in the beginning? There’s no way to get 200 million so nobody could get the vaccine. There’s no way, no way, no way. It’s understandable. I’m not criticizing people who said that, because these things have never been done before. It’s never happened before. And so we got to work.

I agree, I am a congenital optimist, but it’s because I really mean this. I have enormous faith in the ingenuity and the integrity of the American people. I’m not joking. I have enormous faith in them, because I’m convinced we’re the most unique country in the world, not because we’re also smart and the rest, but because we’re the only country that’s organized based on an idea. We really mean it. We haven’t lived up to it, but we hold these truths to be self evident, all men and women are created equal. Basically, give everybody a shot. And I really have faith in the American people. I know we’re divided. I know how mean it can get. And I know there are extremes on both ends that make it more difficult than its been in a long, long time. But I’m convinced, let the American people know that we’re committed to enhancing their ability to make their way, we’ll all do better. Thank you all so very much.Good afternoon, please, please sit down.

Before I begin, I want to comment on the tragedy that occurred last night during the holiday parade in Wisconsin. While we don’t have all the facts and details yet, we know this morning that five families in Waukesha are facing fresh grief of a life without a loved one. At least for 40 Americans are suffering from injuries, some of them in critical condition. And an entire community is struggling, struggling to cope with the horrific act of violence. Last night, the people of Waukesha were gathered to celebrate the start of a season of hope and togetherness and Thanksgiving. This morning, Jill and I, the entire Biden family and I’m sure all of us pray that that same spirit’s going to embrace and lift up all the victims of this tragedy, bringing comfort to those recovering from the injuries and wrapping the families of those who died in the support of their community. We’re all grateful, the extraordinary work are the first responders from law enforcement to emergency room doctors who are working around the clock to deal with the terrible consequences of what happened last night. My administration is monitoring the situation very closely.

But now let me turn to today’s announcement. 20 months ago, the COVID-19 pandemic exploded in America, creating the worst economic crisis we faced since the Great Depression, wreaking havoc not only on our economy, but the economies across the world. In just two months, over 20 million Americans lost their jobs and unemployment rate shot up to 14.8%, the highest ever recorded in America. And all remember the scenes, major cities and small towns, main streets that looked like ghost towns, boarded up businesses, empty roads, empty highways, empty airports, and empty train stations. Offices were closed, schools were closed and hospitals were taken to the breaking point. When you remember the depths of the crisis we faced, it’s all the more amazing, the progress that we’ve made since then. We’ve gone from an economy that was shut down to an economy that’s leading the world in economic growth. We’ve gone from small businesses being shuttered to a record number of new small businesses starting up. And we’ve gone from a devastating job destruction to record new job creation.

Don’t get me wrong, we still the long way to go to fully recover from all the pain and destruction caused by the pandemic. And we’re still dealing with the difficult challenges and complications caused by COVID-19 that are driving up costs for American families. I know for a lot of Americans, things are still very hard, very hard. If you look at all the facts, all the facts, you can only come to one conclusion. We’ve made enormous progress in this country. First and foremost, our economy is creating jobs, lots of jobs. In fact, we’ve seen a record new job growth in America this year, 5.6 million jobs just since I was sworn in, in January the 20th. More jobs created at this point in a new presidency than ever before in American history. We have seen a dramatic drop in the unemployment rate from a high of 14.8% in April of 2020 to 4.6% today. Earlier this year, independent experts were predicting it would take until the end of 2023 to see unemployment that low.

Our economy is creating new businesses, lots of new businesses. In fact, Americans are starting small businesses at a record rate, up 30 per percent compared to before the pandemic. Economists will tell you that an increase in new business is one of the best signs of an economy, an economy that’s becoming more innovative and more dynamic. And that’s because small businesses aren’t just the heart and soul America, they’re not just the bedrock of so many communities across the country. America’s small businesses are the primary job creators, innovators and drivers, that power economic progress. That’s why it’s a powerful statement of the faith that we have in our country, where our country and our economy is heading. That small business creation is surging, surging in America today. Which is why I’m proud to say, if you look at my presidency so far, it’s a jobs presidency and it’s a small business presidency.

So, if you look at the facts, here’s what the record shows. Record job creation, record economic growth, record new small business creation. That’s the story that should give us confidence about the economy that we’re building. Confidence in ourself. Confidence in the future. Now, after years of wages being flat or falling behind, we’re also seeing something else. Things are getting better for American workers, higher wages, better benefits, more flexible schedules. Balance sheets for American families are better as well. Savings are up. Home equity is up. Credit card balances are down. And if you continue you and combine the wage increases, we’ve seen with the direct relief my administration has provided to middle class families. The typical and middle class family’s disposable income has actually gone up 2% this year, even after accounting for higher prices. That’s the kind of recovery just one year after are crippling worldwide economic crisis, that’s unprecedented. It makes us stand out from the rest of the world.

America’s the only major economy, the only one in the world, where the economy is bigger today and families have more money in their pockets today than before the pandemic hit. That’s even after accounting for inflation. None of our competitors internationally can say that, none. It’s a testament to the hard work and perseverance of the American people. It’s a testament to the effective of the vaccines and our vaccination effort. And it’s a testament to the economic policies we fought so hard to pass and put in pace, especially the American Rescue Plan. And it’s a testament to the Federal Reserve.

But for all the progress we’ve made, we know we still are faced challenges, serious challenges. We know there’s a lot of fear and uncertainty in the country. We know it’s tough for families to keep up with the rising cost of gasoline, food, housing, and other essentials. It’s not just an American problem, it’s a worldwide problem. It doesn’t make any easier for Americans, but it’s a worldwide problem. Every country is dealing with the same problems emerging from the pandemic. Supply chain bottlenecks, disruption caused by spikes in COVID-19 elevated prices. They’re all taking a bite out of our family budgets. Perhaps no entity pays a more important role in navigating these challenges than the Federal Reserve, because it’s the Fed’s job to balance two key goals. The first is to maximum employment, to get as many Americans working as possible. And the second is to keep inflation low and stable. To meet these goals it’s going to require patience, skill and independence. That’s why today I’m nominating Jerome Powell for a second term as Chair of the Federal Reserve and I’m nominating Lael Brainard to take the position as Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve.

When our country was hemorrhaging jobs lasts year and there was panic in our financial markets,  steady and decisive leadership helped to stabilize markets and put our economy on track to a robust recovery. Jay is a believer in the benefits of what economists call maximum employment. That’s an economy where companies have to compete to attract workers instead of workers competing with each other for jobs, where American workers get steady wage increases after decades of stagnation and where the benefits of economic growth are broadly shared by everyone in the country, not just concentrated it for those at the top.

Jay said it well last month and I’m going to quote him. He said, and I quote, “An economy is healthier and stronger on as many people as possible were able to work. If entrenched inequities prevent some Americans for participating fully in our labor markets, not only will they be held back from opportunities, but the economy overall will not realize its potential. And those who have historically been left behind stand the best chance of prospering in a strong economy with plentiful job opportunities.” End of quote, as Chair Jerome took a landmark review to reinforce the Federal Reserve’s mission toward delivering full employment, we’re making strong pro toward that goal now, and I believe Jay is the right person to see us through and finish that effort. While also addressing the threat of inflation that it opposes to our families and to our economy.

Jay and I have had a chance to discuss his views on priorities for the Federal Reserve in the years ahead, he’s made clear a top priority will be to accelerate the Fed’s effort to address and mitigate the risk that climate change poses to our financial system and our economy. Extreme weather has cost our economy over 600 billion over the last 10 years. We have to make sure our financial system can stand climate change and is prepared to transition to clean energy. The Fed must be a leader among central banks globally in addressing climate related financial risk. He’s also underscored the importance of the Fed taking a more proactive role in the months and years ahead and making sure that our financial regulations are staying ahead of emerging risk, be they from innovations and cryptocurrency or the practice of less regulated non-bank financial institutions.

Having served as vice president during the depths of the 2009 financial crisis, having worked with President Obama to put in place a stronger financial rules of the road, I understand the stakes of our regulators falling asleep at the switch. Jay along with the other members of the Fed board that I will nominate, must ensure that we never again expose our economy and American families to those kinds of risks. I respect Jay’s independence. And I also trust that he will follow through on his commitment to prioritize these issues with the skill that he has shown in his service to date.

Now, some will no doubt question why I’m renominating Jay, when he was the choice of a Republican predecessor, why am I not picking a Democrat? Why am I not picking fresh blood or taking the Fed in a different direction? Put directly at this moment of both enormous potential and enormous uncertainty for our economy we need stability and independence at the Federal Reserve. Jay has proven the independence that I value in the Fed chair. In the last administration he stood up to unprecedented political interference and doing so successfully maintain the integrity and credibility of this institution. It’s just one of the many reasons why Jay has support for from across the political spectrum.

In 2018, he was confirmed with 84 votes in the United States Senate. His approach as Fed chair has earned the respect and support of groups from the AFLCIO to the Business Roundtable, which brings me to one more reason I’ve chosen to renominate Jay. I believe having Fed leadership with a broad bipartisan support is important, especially now in such a politically divided nation. I believe we need to do everything we can to take the bitter partisanship of today’s politics out of something as important as the independence and credibility Federal Reserve. This is vital to maintaining public trust in an independent institution like the Federal Reserve. And that is why I’m so proud as well to nominate Dr. Lael Brainard to serve as vice chair of the Federal Reserve.

By promoting Lael today to vice chair, I’m elevating one of the country’s most qualified and dedicated public servants. She’s one of the nation’s leading macro economist. She spent years at the Treasury Department representing American capitals around the world on international economic issues. And she spent nearly the last decade as a member of the Fed most recently side by side, with Jay, as the Fed navigated historic economic and financial crises and reaffirmed his commitment to a full employment economy. Throughout her time at the Fed, Lael’s also made a steadfast voice for tough rules to protect the pensions and savings and American people. She’s led the Fed’s efforts to make sure banking system serves everyone in the communities they serve, so that regardless of where you live or your background, every American can have access to credit they need to start a business, buy a home and just have a fair chance in life. She’s done pioneering work in how the Fed should account for the emerging risk of climate change to our financial system. And like Jay, her expertise and leadership have earned her the respect and support of Republicans and Democrats alike. I’m proud to nominate her to the vital role of vice chair of the Federal Reserve.

Beyond Jay and Lael, I look forward in the coming weeks to nominating additional members of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, including a new vice chair for supervision. These individuals will help safeguard our financial system and alongside Jay and Lael’s leadership help to support and continue this historic economic recovery. While Jay and Lael bring continuity and stability to the Fed, my additions will bring new perspectives and new voices. I also pledge that my additions will bring new diversity to the Fed, which is much needed and long overdo in my view.

Last year the pandemic shut down much of the global economy. Now there’s a worldwide reawakening and it’s creating both an incredible opportunities and tough challenges. As economies all across the world, come back from this pandemic, America’s leading the way. Like every country in the world we have to deal with these issues of rising cost, but we should remember we have the skill and tools to get it under control. While other countries are stumbling out of this pandemic, we’re racing ahead. Because so much of the rest of our economy is doing well because we have created so many new jobs as fast as we have, we’re in a position to attack inflation from the position of strength, not weakness. In times like these we need steady tested principle leadership of the Fed. We need people with sound judgment of proven courage to the independence of the Fed. And we need people of character and integrity who can be trusted to keep their focus on the right long term goals of our country for our country. I’m confident Jay and Lael are those people.

Now I’d like to give both Jay and Lael an opportunity to say a few words, and we’re going to start with Jay, and then I’m to turn to Lael. Jay, the floor is yours. You’re over this side.

Now I’d like to give the forward to Dr. Brainard.

Thank you. Folks, that’s it. Hope you have a happy Thanksgiving. I thank the families of the two nominees for being willing to support their work and what they have to do. It’s going to be long hours, as you all already know. Long efforts. And I thank the families. Thank you all.

.Thank you, Sergeant. My name is Joe Biden. I am Jill Biden’s husband. That’s how I’m better known. President Yost, Auxiliary President Hennie, Auxiliary President Layman, excuse me, Lehman and a guy I’ve known for a long, long time, Jimmy Pasco, Executive Director, thank you for this invitation to be with you today. To Secretary of Homeland Security Mayorkas, thank you for being here and for the great job you’re doing for us. Thank you very, very much. And it’s a tough job. Most importantly, the families here today, this is all about you, about you.

I’ve been coming to this memorial for 40 years, missed a couple, and I’ve spoken it many too many police memorials all around the country and it always amazes me how the public doesn’t fully understand what we expect of our law enforcement officers. We expect you people ready to stand in the way and take a bullet tourist. We expect you to be able to track down the bad guys. We expect you to be the psychologist who talks the couple that are having a violent confront together to step back. We expect you to be everything. We expect everything of you.

And it’s beyond the capacity of anyone to meet the total expectations. Being a cop today is one hell of a lot harder than it’s ever been. And to the families of the fallen, you’ve suffered an enormous loss, but understand your loss is also America’s loss, America’s loss and your pain is America … We’re waking up to the notion then unless we change the environment in which the job could be done, we’re going to have trouble having enough women and men come forward and want to do the job. I hope all the families, sons, daughters, husbands, wives, moms, dads, hope you’re able to take a measure of comfort and strength from the extended family you have here and all around you.

In remembrance of to this memorial this day, I ordered our flags to be flown at half staff. We’ve met here in front of this United States Capitol many times before to memorialize our fallen heroes. It’s particularly appropriate today is here at nine months ago, your brothers and sisters thwarted an unconstitutional fundamentally un-American attack on our nation’s values and our votes. But because of you, democracy survived. But only because of the women and men of the US Capitol Police Force, Washington DC Metropolitan Police Department, other law enforcement agency, who once again, literally put their bodies on the line to protect our democracy.

That’s why I have no hesitation, had none at all in … Awarding, the Congressional Gold Medal of Congress, the highest expression of our nation’s appreciation to the US Capitol Police and Washington, DC Metropolitan Police and other responding law enforcement agencies. Because of these men and women, we averted a catastrophe, but their heroism came at a cost to you and your families. 150 officers injured, five lost in the attack’s aftermath. The toll on this profession these past years has been heavy, too heavy.

2020 was the deadliest year for law enforcement on record and today we’re here to remember nearly 500 of your brothers and sisters, husbands and wives, sons and daughters. 2019 and 2020, we lost so much. I attended this memorial service many times, as I said, to pay my respects. Sometimes I’ve been the speaker. Other times I’ve sat on the stage and just thought about all of you sitting on the lawn. Although this year, I don’t know any of the personally who have fallen, any of the individuals. I’ve gone through all the names.

I feel I know them without having ever met them. You see, I grew up in a neighborhood, the neighborhood in Scranton, Pennsylvania, Claymont, Delaware, and Bellefonte where I grew up with the guys and women that were honoring today. One of my best friends in grade school, Eddie Hill, became the superintendent of Delaware State Police, a great friend and competitor in the other major high school we played ball against one another. Charlie Daugherty became the head of the chief of the Wilmington Police Force and so many more.

So, although I didn’t know them personally, I know you. I know you. I always joked that I grew up in places where either became a cop, a firefighter or a priest. I wasn’t qualified for any of them, so I had to settle us. But all kidding aside, over the years, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I’ve got to know you. Even as kids, we could see in the women and men around us, who the ones who had the heart. They were the ones who ran in to help you. When everyone else was running away, they ran toward  even when they’re in grade school knowing they’d be able to help a little bit, even if they a were outnumbered.

And I’m not making this up. Think about it. Think about your son, your daughter, your husband, your wife, who they were and what was inside them. It was about service, to protect, defend. This isn’t just what law enforcement does. It’s who you are. It’s what makes you who you are. And when you put on that shield in the morning and walk out the door each day, every family member dreads the possibility of receiving that phone call. I was talking to Steny about this. Just as our son, Bo, was in Kosovo for about six months and in Iraq for a year.

He was the chief law enforcement officer for the state of Delaware, the attorney general. I’d watch every morning, because she left for school before I got on the train, Jill standing there mouthing a prayer as she drank a cup of coffee over the sink, praying, praying for Bo. Well, you do it every day. You did it every day. There was a line from an English poet, John Milton. He said “They also serve who only stand and wait.” How long have you had to stand and wait and wonder when you heard something on the news or saw it on television?

Thousands and thousands of American families stand and wait so their husband, their wives, their fathers, their mothers, sons, and daughters can serve the rest of us. We not only owe them. We owe you. It’s not hyperbole. I mean this from the bottom of my heart. We owe you. We’ll need to support them. And too many of you sitting out there have received that terrible call that your loved one won’t be coming home at the end of his or her shift. To the mothers and fathers are here today, my heart aches for you. Believe it or not, Jill and I understand.

We got one of those calls in a different circumstance. No parent should have to bury a child. I lost a baby daughter in an accident. I lost a brave son to cancer after coming home from a year in Iraq. But you know what, what you’ve gone through his hard. The fact that he was the chief law enforcement officer of Delaware, he wasn’t out there literally. He’d go on patrols, but he wasn’t out there walking up those stairs to make that arrest or try to stop that fight. He was always about family. It’s like losing a piece of your soul.

Some of you still have that feeling like you’ve been sucked into a black hole in your chest wondering, “My God, will it ever change?” Sergeant McClain from Detroit decorated for exemplary service during his 16 year career. He turned down promotions so he could continue to work as a mentor to other officers in his district. Every two weeks, he’d send his wife flowers at work like clockwork to brighten her day and her office. He was killed responding to a domestic violence call. Officer Tiffany Victoria Enrique from Honolulu.

She was one of two officers killed by responding to a call, was the first female officer to die in the line of duty in the Honolulu Police Department. Her boyfriend also an officer called her “The most hardworking, amazing fiercest officer I’ve ever known. My heart is shattered and she was my love, my rock, my strength.” So many. Officer Charles, excuse me, Brazilda passed away in 2016, but he was recognized in this line of duty this year … Unit, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, unit trained to perform technical rescue operations.

After the terrorist attack on September 11th, he was assigned to search and recovery efforts in the World Trade Tower. He like so many others contracted cancer. He died of cancer following that assignment. He made friends wherever he went. He loved the outdoors. He was his neighborhood go-to guy organizing almost anything, including and hunting expeditions. As you call the roll today, we’re acutely aware that behind each name are families that said we know from personal experience that every time there’s a ceremony memorial honoring your lost husband or wife, son, or daughter, it can summon that pride, but also that terrible feeling as if you’re just hearing the news for the first time.

So I want you to know, I know although you look forward to honoring your family member, it’s hard. It’s hard. I mean this sincerely. Jill and I admire your courage for just being here. We hope you take some comfort in the knowledge that the men and women here assembled today, they’ll always be with you. Not a joke. They’ll always be with you wherever you are, even if you don’t know them in a city, a town, a place you’ve never been before. As much as we hope not, there’re going to be more names added to this roll call of bravery and sorrow.

There already have been. As I was preparing these remarks, early this morning in Houston, one deputy killed and two wounded. Chief Finner from Houston is here today. I don’t know where the chief is, but he’s here today, I’m told. Known him. Seven Houston police officers in his department were killed in the line of duty since 2019. Chief, I’m here for you pal, so is everybody else. We mourn the fallen. We pray for the recovery of the wounded. As I said, I’ve spoken too many times, too many funerals for police officers, too many funerals for brave servants who kept us safe.

So under the mournful sound of the bagpipes, we must also hear something else, call to do better, to do more, to keep you safe, to keep our communities safer, for us to step up, build trust and respect and heal the breach we now see in so many communities. To recognize that the promise of equal and impartial justice remains a promise, but not always a reality for you or others, particularly in low income communities. Too many communities, black and brown, too many families are grieving unnecessary losses of their sons, their daughters, their fathers, their brothers.

I want to acknowledge the FOP as was mentioned earlier for sincerely trying to reach an agreement on meaningful reforms, congressional reforms, and the negotiations over the George Floyd and Policing Act. But here’s the part, a lot of the help has to come to police departments. They need help to do better. I want to thank you for being a constructive player in this process. We haven’t gotten there yet, but we must get there. Look, there’s too much pain. There’s too much loss. There’s too much at stake for the safety and for the safety of those you serve.

It’s a hard time to be a police officer in America, so I want to make sure you have the tools to be the partners and the protectors your communities need. That when you look at what your communities need and what you’re being asked to do, there are going to be more resources, not fewer resources help you do your job. That’s why I propose we invest again in community policing. We know it works. One thing that protects cops is another cop and the training you and the community have requested.

The community-based programs and interventions that can stop violence before it starts provide specific guidance, explaining the communities can and should use funds from the American Rescue Plan, 350 billion in aid to city states, counties, tribes to hire and retain officers. Many cities from Albuquerque to St. Paul are doing just that. And I proposed an additional $300 million in my budget to support community policing across the country. It’s hard when you don’t know the community and the most important way to get to know them has more police.

We’re also investing in community violence intervention programs, which are proven, have a proven track record of reducing violence for up to 60% in cities across the nation. At the same time, we have to stop asking law enforcement officers to do every single job under the sun. I’m committed to investing in mental health services, mental health professionals who can respond to mental health crises alongside you. You shouldn’t be the one having to talk someone off the edge of the roof. You should have professional help with you.

Supporting our law enforcement officers requires that we invest in systems that provide adequate healthcare, counseling, drug treatment prevention, housing, education, and other social services in the community so there is not the discord. We need to work together to confront the epidemic of gun violence. Your brothers and sisters have told me over the years, sometimes you feel like you’re outgunned. Right now, the Justice Department of the leadership and Attorney General Garland is working with state and local law enforcement across the country to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals.

They now have zero tolerance for gun dealers who willfully violate the law, putting firearms in the hands of people who are a danger to the community and you. I also want to make it easier for states to adopt red flag laws, laws that allow have family members or law enforcement to petition a court order to temporarily remove firearms from people who are in crisis representing the danger to themselves and to others. By the way, more people die of gunshot wounds in America as a consequence of suicide than any other reason.

I’ve called on Congress to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act and to close the domestic violence loophole to keep guns out of the hands of abusers. 40% of all calls that result in an officer’s death were domestic violence related, 40%. These steps will protect you, protect the people you serve. And finally and tragically, in the past two years, COVID-19 has caused more deaths in the line of duty than all the other causes combined. Many of those lost their lives keeping our society safe serving on the front lines in those dark early days of the pandemic.

But now, let us prevent the preventable tragedies. The last time I stood here was to take the oath of office as your president. I said that day we have much to repair, much to restore, much to heal, much to build, much to gain. It remains true. I believe with all my heart, there’s nothing you’re unable to do if we equip you. That we can unite this nation and fight our common foes, anger, resentment, hatred, extremism, racism, lawlessness, violence, disease, joblessness, hopelessness. We have never, ever failed in America when we’ve acted together.

So let’s act together to support you in the service of the nation we love. In closing, let me say that I know there are no words, no memorials that can fill that void, that black hole in your chest so many of you feel. But I promise you the day will come when the memory of your loved one will bring a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. That’s when you know you’re going to make it. That’s when you know. That will happen. But my prayer for you is that that day they will come sooner and later.

There’s a headstone in a cemetery in Ireland that reads “Death leaves a heartache no one can heal. Love leaves a memory that no one can steal.” They’re with you. They’re in your heart. They’re part of you. The souls of those you love and those with whom you serve rest in peace and rising glory. In the meantime, you’re in our prayers. May God bless you and may God protect all those who serve us in uniform. Thank you.… substantial bipartisan vote in the Senate for sending this bill to my desk today to avoid disruption of the government operations. And I want to urge Congress to use the time this bill provides to work toward a bipartisan agreement on a full-year funding bill that makes the needed investments in our economy and our people, from public health, to education, to national security.

Now, for today’s news. Every year, December brings the joys of the holiday season and gives us an opportunity to reflect on the year gone by, and look ahead and begin to imagine the new year to come. This year, we can reflect on an extraordinary bit of progress. Our economy is markedly stronger than it was a year ago. And today, the incredible news that our unemployment rate has fallen to 4.2%. At this point in the year, we’re looking at the sharpest one-year decline in unemployment ever. Simply put, America is back to work and our jobs recovery is going very strong.

Today’s historic drop in unemployment rate includes dramatic improvements for workers who have often seen higher levels of unemployment. They are receiving higher wages. And the rate of Black and Hispanic unemployment is also dropping sharply. But that’s not just jobs that are up. Wages are up, especially for hardworking Americans often ignored in past recoveries. Workers in transportation and warehouses have seen their wages go up approximately 10% this year. Workers in hotels and restaurants have seen their wages go up 13% this year.

And thanks to the American Rescue Plan, we’ve delivered significant tax cuts to families raising children. Tax cuts and rising wages for middle-class families mean that Americans, on average, have more in their pockets today than they did in each month since we’ve been in office, than they did last year after accounting for inflation. Let me repeat that. Even after accounting for rising prices, the typical American family has more money in their pockets than they did last year. In fact, we’re the only leading economy in the world where household income and the economy as a whole are stronger than they were before the pandemic.

Applications for new small businesses are up 30% compared to before the pandemic. Thanks to the American Rescue Plan, we’re cutting child poverty in America by more than 40%. And millions of children who spent last Christmas in poverty will not bear that burden this holiday season. Today’s news means that the unemployment rate has now fallen by more than two percentage points since I took office. That’s the fastest decline in a single year on record and it’s about three times faster than any other president in their first year in office. The number of people claiming unemployment has fallen from 18 million when I took office to 2 million this week. Another record drop.

We’ve also learned today that in November, 235,000 jobs were created in the private sector. And when they went back and recalibrated the last two months, they found that job growth over the prior two months, September and October, actually created 82,000 more jobs than had previously been reported, which means that we’ve averaged nearly 400,000 new jobs a month over the last three months, a solid pace. All told, in the first 10 full months of my administration, the economy has created 6 million jobs, a record for a new president. This is a significant improvement from when I took office in January, a sign that we’re on the right track.

Because of the extraordinary strides we’ve made, we can look forward to a brighter, happier new year ahead in my view. But I also know that despite this progress, families are anxious. They’re anxious about COVID. They’re anxious about the cost of living, the economy more broadly. They’re still uncertain. I want you to know I hear you. It’s not enough to know that we’re making progress. You need to see it and feel it in your own lives, around the kitchen table, in your checkbooks. And that is why every day my team and I are working to deliver consistent, determined, focused action to overcome the challenges we still face.

Now, chief among those challenges is COVID-19. Yesterday, I laid out key actions we’re going to take this winter to fight this virus to protect one another, to protect our economy and our economic recovery. They include: number one, expanding our nationwide booster campaign with more outreach, more appointments, and more hours. I was thrilled to see that yesterday we had more vaccine shots administered than any day in the past six months.

Number two, we’re launching hundreds of new family vaccination clinics to make it easier for children, parents, the whole family to get vaccinated in one place; and new policies to keep children in school instead of quarantining them at home when someone in the class comes down with COVID if they do.

Thirdly, making free at-home tests more available than ever before by having them covered by our private health insurance plans. The availability of community health centers and other sites for the uninsured will be the alternative as well. So if you have insurance, it will cover these tests. And if you don’t have insurance, we have facilities you can attend and get these tests.

Increasing our surge response is the fourth thing, our surge response teams. They’re made up of doctors and nurses and medical staff who go into communities with rising cases and provide the needed staff for overrun hospitals for their emergency rooms, their intensive care units, to get help to them as they need it. And we’re about tripling the number of those surge teams.

Fifth, we’re accelerating our efforts to vaccinate the rest of the world and strengthening international travel rules for people coming into the United States. This is a plan all Americans can rally behind in my view. We’re also addressing another concern for families, prices. Just about every country is grappling with high prices right now as they fight the pandemic. And as the world economy continues to come back to life, the more price pressures are going to ease as things begin to move.

But we’re not sitting around waiting. In the meantime, I’ve used every tool available to address price increases, and it’s beginning to work. Take gasoline and gas prices. Last week, I announced the largest-ever release from the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve to increase the supply of oil and help bring down prices. And I brought together other countries: India, Japan, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom, who all agreed to join me in releasing additional oil from their reserves, and China. China may very do more as well. They haven’t done it yet.

This worldwide effort we’re leading won’t solve the problem of high gas prices overnight. But over the last month, likely due in part to the anticipation of this action, we’ve seen oil and gas prices out of the wells, oil and gas prices on the wholesale market come down significantly. Since the end of October, the average weekly price of gasoline on the wholesale market, that’s what you sell to the gas stations, has fallen around 10%, and that decline has picked up in recent days. That’s a drop of about 25 cents per gallon.

These savings are beginning to reach Americans and should pick up in the weeks ahead, and it can’t happen fast enough. And I’ve asked the Federal Trade Commission to consider whether potentially illegal and anti-competitive behavior in the oil and gas industry is causing higher prices for consumers when they don’t need to be that high because the wholesale price has come down so much. So, we can ensure that the American people are paying a fair price for gas.

At this time of the year, another concern that is facing American families is about being able to find what you need in the holidays, whether it’s gifts or groceries. As I laid out earlier in the week, because of my actions, the actions that my administration has taken, in partnership with private business and labor, retailers and grocery stores, freight movers and railroads, the shelves of our stores are going to well stocked. We’ve sped up operations at our ports. For example, at the Port of Los Angeles and Long Beach, the two busiest ports in America, over the last month the number of containers left sitting on the docks for over eight days is down by 40%.

I’ve said that before and people have come up to me and said, “Well, what does that mean? So they’re down 40%?” Well, it means that the products are no longer sitting on the docks; they’re getting off the docks into trains, into trucks, into vehicles to get them to the stores’ shelves. That is an incredible success story.

On Monday, I convened a group of CEOs from some of the largest retailers and grocery stores, as well as leading companies that works with small businesses across the country. And they reported that their investments are up, shelves are well stocked, and they’re ready to meet consumer demand for the holidays. Now, I said that yesterday, and then I saw a couple of your stations put on you found some empty shelves. They’re old empty shelves, but it doesn’t matter. But go back and take a look at some of those shelves again, okay? But the point is that the vast majority of the shelves are filled and the CEOs of not only the suppliers but the CEOs of UPS and FedEx, which are on track to deliver more packages than ever, are saying the same thing.

So, we’re heading into the holiday season in strong shape. Again, this is about a concerted, focused action. We averted this potential crisis by figuring out what needed to be fixed, and then we brought together the people that have the capacity to fix it or at least alleviate it. Now it’s time to build on the success we’ve had this year on jobs, wages, creation of more small businesses and fixing challenges in the economy. We need to cut costs further for families. That’s what my Build Back Better plan does that’s still being considered in Congress. It will lower the out-of-pocket cost for childcare, eldercare, housing, college, healthcare, and prescription drugs.

In fact, a new independent analysis released this week showed that my plan would mean $7,400 in tax cuts and savings for the typical family of four with two children. 17 Nobel Prize winners in economics have written a letter to me affirming that this bill would reduce long-term inflationary pressures in the economy. And two of the leading rating agencies, not liberal think tanks, two of the leading rating agencies on Wall Street confirmed this month that my plan will not add to inflationary pressures.

What I’ve always proposed and what I’m proposing now is having a way to lower some of the most difficult costs. What are they? The difficult costs families pay every month by asking corporations and the wealthiest Americans, including, for example, the 55 corporations that paid zero in federal income tax last year despite generating $40 billion in profits, and I’m happy they’re profitable, to begin to pay their fair share. For example, just requiring corporations to pay a minimum 15% in taxes raises enough revenue to pay for lowering the cost of childcare for 90% of families and provides universal preschool for all three and four year olds in America.

Now, what’s better for those corporations? Is it better for them having childcare so parents can come back to work today and they have a better educated workforce in the future, or keep having not paying any tax? Once again, no one making less than $400,000 a year will pay a penny more in federal taxes. My Build Back Better plan is fiscally responsible. It’s the first major piece of legislation in more than a decade that’s not only fully paid for but will generate more than $100 billion in deficit reduction this decade.

It fully covers the cost of its investments by making the largest corporations and richest Americans pay a little more in taxes. I think that’s a trade-off that’s worth making. And by the way, those very businesses are going to do better having a better educated and more available workforce. Having those who’ve done very well pay their fair share is just the right thing to do in order to provide a little breathing room for millions of American families.

Throughout our history, we’ve emerged from crisis by investing in ourselves. And so, we’re going to keep at this. We’re going to keep making progress for our families and for our nation. I promise you that’s what’s going to happen. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops and keep everyone safe.

I’m okay. I have a test every day to see, a COVID test. They check me for all the strains. What I have is a one-and-a-half-year-old grandson who had a cold who likes to kiss his Pop and he’d been kissing my… Anyway, so. But it’s just a cold.

No, we got to beat it back before we shut it down. Look, it’s going to take time worldwide. In order to beat COVID, we have to shut it down worldwide. In the United States of America, we’re doing everything that needs to be done to take care of the American people within our borders. But look what’s happened. We were starting to make some real progress, and then you find out there’s another strain. And the idea that you can build a wall around America to keep any COVID from around the world out is not there. And besides, that’s one of the reasons why. I know we get criticized, I get criticized for not doing more for the world. But we’ve done more for the world in providing vaccines available and help than every other nation in the world combined.

In addition to that, we’ve also, with regard to India and other countries and we’re working around the clock. Remember, I suggested we suspend the patents, let everybody be able to have access to this so they can make the vaccine in their own countries. And thirdly, in Southern Africa, for example, South Africa has all the vaccines they need and they don’t want any more vaccines now. One of the things I’m considering is how can we help them deal with the issue of the… As I said before, the biggest challenge we had in the beginning of this administration, in my view, was not getting the vaccines produced, although that was not easy, and I’ve got to give… President Trump, early on, went out and he got to do the research to try to get the right vaccines.

But logistically, getting the vaccines from a container that gets delivered to you, to a hospital, to a state, and getting it in someone’s arms, that’s a very, very difficult thing. And we did it better than anybody in the world has done it. But we got to try to help other people.

The measures that I announced yesterday we believe are sufficient to deal with the proper medical precautions to deal with the spread of this new variant. We are doing, as you know at NIH as well as among the manufacturers, a lot of research to see the extent of how quickly it spreads, how deadly it is, et cetera, et cetera. But we do require, for travel, we’re going to continue to require people to have masks on, and in public places and federal buildings. But I don’t, at this point, because… I think I know a fair amount about this issue. But I’m not a scientist, so I continue to rely on the scientists and asking them whether or not we have to move beyond what we did yesterday. Right now, they’re saying no.

I have been in constant contact with our allies in Europe, with Ukrainians. My Secretary of State and National Security Advisor have been engaged extensively. What I am doing is putting together what I believe will be the most comprehensive and meaningful set of initiatives to make it very, very difficult for Mr. Putin to go ahead and do what people are worried he may do. But that’s in play right now.

No.Thanks, Governor. Well, folks, thank you, Governor, for those comments. I want to say good afternoon to all of you here in this cool hangar. Earlier today, we were briefed by the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise, Idaho. The center is a locational hub for our federal firefighting resources of the region, and we just surveyed some of the damage of the Caldor Fire here in California, which in less than a month has wiped out over 200,000 acres and 1000 structures. Homes, precious memories destroyed, air quality degraded, local economy stopped in its tracks, and nearly 200 people in the area forced to live in shelters. Everyone in Northern California knows the time of the year when you can’t go outside, when the air will be filled with smoke, and the sky will turn apocalyptic shade of orange. Parents worried about keeping their children safe in a pandemic worry about air quality as well.

Thus far, the nationwide over 44,000 wildfires have burned nearly 5,300,000 acres, roughly the size of the state of New Jersey. In California this year, more than 2.2 million acres have burned. The Dixie Fire burned nearly one million alone, and we’re working closely with Governor Newsom to make sure California has every resource, every resource available to keep families safe. And the governor has led his state with poise and strong leadership. He’s been an innovator in items for long-term solutions, and he and I are both optimistic. These fires are blinking code red for our nation. They’re gaining frequency and ferocity, and we know what we have to do, and it starts with our firefighters putting their lives on the line in rugged and dangerous conditions. I never forget coming out to Arizona in 2013 to speak at the memorial of the 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots who gave their lives. Firefighters are unmatched in their bravery.

That’s why I took the action I did in June to ensure that all federal firefighters earn at least a minimum wage, and we’re working on fundamentally changing the benefits that are available to them. FEMA has approved 33 fire management assistance grants to help Western states pay for the cost of fighting these awful fires. We used the Defense Production Act to address the shortage in fire hoses. Because of the pandemic, we found ourselves in a situation where there’s a backlog in an awful lot of things. We restarted the idle production line in Oklahoma, bringing back to work and delivering thousands of new feet of new fire hoses to the front lines. It’s hard to believe, short on fire hoses. In addition, we’ve tapped DOD, the Department of Defense, for 10 aircraft, 20 C-130s, a modular airborne firefighting systems, with those systems, and to help fire suppression, the RC-26 aircraft to provide critical imagery from space.

They’re based in California, and they’ve now flown over 1,000 missions across the West. 250 active duty military troops on the ground at Dixie Fire in California, working alongside firefighters. We’re sharing satellite imagery to help detect and monitor fire growth, and the EPA is using new technologies to deliver fire, smoke, and air quality information directly to people’s cell phones. Our friends from Canada and Australia are provided help through both firefighters as well as aircraft. And my Build Back Better plan includes billions of dollars for wildfire preparedness, resilience, and response, forest management to restore millions of acres, and to protect homes and public water sources. This bipartisan bill includes more than $8 billion to increase resilience in wildfires. And to add to that, the continuing resolution package includes $14 billion in disaster needs, including 9 billion for communities hit by wildfire and drought. We’re not going to leave these people in distress.

We know that decades of forest management decisions have created hazardous conditions across the Western forest, but we can’t ignore the reality that these wildfires are being supercharged by climate change. It isn’t about red or blue states. It’s about fires, just fires. In the past two weeks, I’ve been to Louisiana, where Hurricane Ida hit, and with winds up to 179 miles an hour, gusty. New Jersey and New York, walking down the streets, main streets, meeting with families and first responders, seeing the destruction of these disasters caused, dreams crushed, lives interrupted. Scientists have been warning us for years that extreme weather is going to get more extreme. We’re living it in real time now. Extreme weather cost America last year $99 billion. Let me say it again. Extreme weather in the United States cost the United States of America a total of $99 billion. And this year, unfortunately, we’re going to break that record.

It’s a devastating loss to our economy and for so many communities. When we fail to curb pollution from smokestacks and tailpipes and continue to use fossil fuels as we do, we increase risks that firefighters face. But each dollar we invest in resilience saves up to $6 down the road when the next fire doesn’t spread as widely, and those investments also save lives. When I think about climate change, I think about not the cost, I think about good-paying jobs it will create. But I also think about the jobs we’re losing due to impacts in the supply chains and industries because we haven’t acted boldly enough. We have to build back, and you heard me say it a hundred times, not just build back, but build back better as one nation. We got to do it together. We’ll get through this together. We just have to keep the faith.

Folks, we have the bipartisan infrastructure bill that’s been passed. It is bipartisan, and I believe we’ll get done the so-called reconciliation bill that has another several trillion dollars in it. Let me close by saying when people talk about the cost of the Build Back Better proposal beyond the infrastructure, let me remind you the cost may be as much as $3.5 trillion, but to put that in perspective, it’s spread out over 10 years, number one, and number two, it’s expected our economy will grow to $366 trillion GDP by that time. That’s less than 1.5% total in terms of deficit of that total amount. In addition to that, 90% of it’s paid for. And so folks, we have to think big. Thinking small is a prescription for disaster. We’re going to get this done. This nation is going to come together, and we are going to beat this climate change. Thank you.Sorry to keep you waiting. Good afternoon. It’s wonderful to see the holiday decorations here in the White House. Tomorrow, I’m going to light the national Christmas tree to help kick off the holiday season. Whatever you celebrate, we are looking ahead to a brighter and happier December with an economy markedly stronger than it was last year. It’s been a tough couple years, but we’ve made incredible progress. And today, I’d like to speak about some of the steps we’re taking to address challenges in the economy and how those actions are already starting to pay off for American families.

First however, I want to quickly reiterate what I spoke about on Monday concerning Omicron, the variant, and the steps we’re taking to combat it. As I said, this new variant is a cause for concern, but not a cause for panic. We have the best vaccines in the world, the best medicines, the best scientists. We’re learning more every single day. And we’ll fight this variant with science and speed, not chaos and confusion. So let me repeat what the doctors and scientists have affirmed. The best protection against Omicron is getting a booster shot.

Right now about 135 million Americans are eligible for a booster, but only about 40 million have gotten one thus far. If you’re over 18 years of age, you got vaccinated before January, excuse me, June 1, go get your booster shot today. And if you’re not vaccinated, now is the time to get vaccinated and take your children to get vaccinated. Every child over the age of five can get a safe, effective vaccination. Tomorrow I’ll be putting forward the next steps we’ll be taking to fight COVID this winter, not with shutdowns or lockdowns, but with more widespread vaccinations, boosters, testing and more.

Now onto the economy. If you watched the news recently, you might think the shelves in all our stores are empty across the country, that parents won’t be able to get presents for their children on holidays this holiday season, but here’s the deal. For the vast majority of the country that’s not what’s happening. Because of the actions the administration has taken in partnership with business and labor, retailers and grocery stores, freight movers and railroads, those shelves are going to be stocked. Many have heard that the CEO of Walmart, who I met with this week, speaking about the steps we’ve taken, he said, and I quote, “The combination of private enterprise and government working together has been really successful all the way through the supply chain. There’s been a lot of innovation,” end of quote.

Here’s what the progress has looked like. The first thing we had to do was speed up the operations at our ports. Americans are buying more goods than ever, and a lot of those goods come through our ports. 40% of the goods that come into the country on the west coast come two ports, Los Angeles and Long Beach. To help relieve congestion, I brought together labor and management and asked them to step up and cooperate more, to move forward in operating those ports not five days a week, 40 hours a week, but 24 hours a day, seven days a week, by adding more shifts at night and on the weekends. Then we had to make sure that people could transport those goods from the ports to stores and homes across the country. We’ve broken up log jams there as well. Private sector port terminal operators at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, for example, have announced that they’re going to eliminate fees when truck drivers come into the port to pick up the containers if they do it at night or on the weekends, when roads are less congested.

Working with my administration, a major ocean carrier, the fourth largest in the world, announced on Monday a new $100 discount when containers are picked up quickly, with larger discounts for nighttime and weekend pickups. And we announced this week that we’re extending through February extra flexibility that allows truckers to drive more hours when they’re transporting critical goods like gas, food and medical supplies. Paired with these important safety measures, all of them are going to help move goods more quickly and get products that people want onto the shelves all across the country.

Over the last month, the number of containers left sitting on docks, blocking movement to those stores, was for over eight days. Now, it’s down by 40%, which means they’re heading to shelves and stores more quickly. That’s an incredible success story. The ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach have moved 16% more containers so far this year than last year. By working with business and labor, my administration’s been able to handle the huge surge in goods moving through some of our biggest ports. And that’s translated into shelves across our country being well stocked.

You don’t have to take my word for it. On Monday, I convened a group of CEOs from some of the largest retailers and grocery stores in the nation, as well as companies who work with small businesses across America, including the CEO of Walmart, as I mentioned, along with Best Buy, CVS, Samsung, Mattel, Etsy, and QVC. My administration has been working with many of the CEOs and others to keep these goods moving through our supply chain to ensure the shelves are stocked heading into the holiday season. The CEOs that I met with this week reported that their inventories are up, shelves are well stocked, and they’re ready to meet the consumer demand for the holidays. The CEO of Etsy represents over five million small businesses and entrepreneurs. He told me, and I quote, “Our survey data says they are less concerned about supply chain challenges this year than they were last year,” end of quote.

I’ve also spoken with the CEOs of UPS and FedEx, which are on track to deliver more packages than ever. Now, I can’t promise that every person will get every gift they want on time. Only Santa Claus can keep that promise, but there are items every year that sell out that are hard to find. Some of you moms and dads may remember Cabbage Patch Kids back in the ’80s or Beanie Babies in the ’90s or other toys that have run out at Christmas time in past years when there was no supply chain problem. But we’re heading into a holiday season in very strong shape. It’s not because of luck. We averted potential crisis by figuring out what needed to get fixed, and then we brought the people together to do the hard work of fixing it.

That’s exactly what we’re doing with the second concern I want to talk about today. Prices. Here are a few things you should know. Just about every country in the world is grappling with higher prices right now as they recover from the pandemic. In the United Kingdom, price increases have hit a 10 year high. In Germany, a 28 year high. In Canada, price increases are the highest they’ve been since the ’90s. This is a worldwide challenge, a natural byproduct of a world economy shut down by the pandemic as it comes back to life. Prices are still out of, excuse me. Prices are still out of sync as the world comes back. But as we continue to overcome these obstacles, the more price pressures will ease. But I have not been content to sit back and wait. I’ve used every tool available to address the price increases, and it’s working.

Take gas prices. Last week, I announced the largest ever release from the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve to increase the supply of oil and help bring down prices. I brought together other nations to continue and contribute to this solution. India, Japan, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom all joined us. They all agreed to release additional oil from the reserves, and China may be doing so as well. This worldwide effort we’re leading will not solve the problem of high gas prices overnight, but it has been making the difference. Over the last month, likely due in part to the anticipation of this action, we’ve seen the price of oil and gasoline on the wholesale markets come down significantly.

In fact, since the end of October, the average weekly price of gasoline in the wholesale market has fallen by about 10%. That’s a drop of 25 cents per gallon. Those savings should reach the American people very soon, and it can’t happen fast enough. And I’ve asked the Federal Trade Commission to consider whether potentially illegal and anti-competitive behavior in the oil and gas is causing higher prices to be maintained for consumers when the overall cost of oil is down. We can also ensure that American people are paying a fair price for gas.

So let’s take a step back and take stock of where our economy is. Wages are up. Thanks to the American Rescue Plan, we’ve delivered significant tax cuts for families raising kids. Tax cuts and rising wages for middle class families mean that Americans on average have about $100 more in their pockets every month than they did last year, about $350 more each month than they did before the pandemic, even after accounting for inflation. Let me repeat that. Even after accounting for rising prices, the typical American family has more money in their pockets than they did last year or the year before that. In fact, we’re the only leading economy in the world where household income and the economy as a whole are stronger than they were before the pandemic.

There are other signs of strength, too. The number of small businesses is up by 30% compared to before the pandemic. Thanks to the American Rescue Plan, we’ve cut child poverty in America by more than 40%. Think about that. Millions of children who spent last Christmas in poverty will not bear that burden this holiday season. And the Treasury Secretary, Janet Yellen, described it yesterday that it is quote, “A profound economic and moral victory for our country,” end of quote.

Since I took office, we have had record job creation, 5.6 million new jobs since January 20th of this year. The unemployment rate has fallen to 4.6%. We’re seeing more new small businesses, higher wages and more disposable income, fewer children in poverty, fewer people getting unemployment checks. None of this was inevitable. It was because of the American Rescue Plan, which virtually every Democrat in Congress voted for and every Republican voted against. It was because of the hard work my administration has done to try to solve the challenges in our economy instead of just pointing fingers and complaining.

Now, it’s time to build on our success and cut costs further for families. That’s what my Build Back Better plan does. It will lower out of pocket costs for childcare, elder care, housing, college, healthcare, and prescription drugs. These are the biggest costs that most families face. In fact, a new independent analysis released today showed that my Build Back Better plan would mean $7,400 in tax cuts and savings for the typical family with four kids, excuse me, the typical family of four with two kids. 17 Nobel Laureate, Nobel economic winners, have written a letter affirming that this bill will reduce inflationary pressure in the economy. Two of the leading rating agencies on Wall Street confirmed this month that my plan will not, will not add to inflationary pressures. In fact, they will quote, “Take the edge off of inflation.”

Now my Republican friends are talking a lot about prices, but they’re lined up against my Build Back Better plan, which would go right at the problem for rising costs for families. Why is that? I don’t want to speculate on anyone’s motive, but it’s always easier to complain about a problem than to try to fix it. One Senator even said that rising prices were, “A gold mine,” end of quote, for Republicans politically. Imagine rooting for a higher cost for American families just to score a few political points. The fact is the Build Back Better plan is fiscally responsible. It’s the first major piece of legislation in more than a decade that is not only fully paid for, but will generate more than 100 billion in deficit reduction. It fully covers the cost of its investments by making the largest corporations and the richest Americans pay a little more in taxes. Think about that. That’s a trade-off worth making, in my view. Having those who have done very well pay their fair share in order to provide a little breathing room for millions of American families.

But my critics don’t seem to agree. They have a lot of speeches about high prices, supply chain and other challenges we’re facing, but they don’t offer any answers. So they’re just doing the no vote. That’s their plan, vote no. But what does that mean? What does a no vote mean on this bill? Not on cable news, not on Fox, not in the real world, in your life, around your kitchen table. Well, here’s what it’s going to mean. It means from millions of American families, this bill, the bills you’re paying right now for daycare could be substantially lowered, capped at 7% of your income. But Republicans said, “No, pay more.” It means the bills you’re paying right now to take care of your elderly parent could have been lower, a lot lower, but Republicans said, “No, don’t vote for this bill. Pay more.”

It means the cost of your prescription drugs could have been lower, a lot lower. Republicans think that those 200,000 children, for example, who need regular doses of insulin should continue to pay as much as $1000 a month instead of $35 a month. Think of that. Not only affects the health of a child and the family, but imagine you’re being a parent and not being able to afford $1000 a month. It not only risks the health of your child, but it robs you of your dignity. The list goes on, but the point’s the same. What I proposed is a way to lower some of the most difficult costs families have to pay every month by asking big corporations. 40 of the Fortune 500 companies paid zero in taxes, making $40 billion in the process, and the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share in taxes.

Look, remember, we’re in a situation, as far as Republicans are concerned, they’d rather the bills at your kitchen table will be higher so the tax bills of corporate conference rooms and big mansions can be lower. In this case, let me tell you something, nothing will be more expensive for American families than a no vote on the Build Back Better plan. I believe we simply can’t afford to do nothing and wait and see what happens. And the moments we face today, that just isn’t a responsible course. We live in uncertain times. Families are anxious about COVID, the economy, the cost of living, and the way to relieve that anxiety is with consistent, determined, focused action. I started my presidency with the American Rescue Plan. Now that law is carrying our nation forward on vaccinations, boosters, keeping our schools open, and so much more. I designed it as a year long plan because I knew we’d have a lot of obstacles to overcome.

Next, we passed the bipartisan infrastructure law because a lot of our infrastructure is crumbling. We have to prepare ourselves to compete and win in the 21st century global economy. For most of the 20th century, we led the world by a significant margin because we invested in ourselves, not only in our roads and highways and bridges, but in our people and our families. We built the interstate highway system. We invested to win the space race. We were among the first to provide access to free education beginning back in the late 1800s. These decisions to invest in our country and our families were a major reason why we were able to lead the world for much of the last century. But somewhere along the way, we stopped investing in ourselves.

America’s still the largest economy in the world. We still are the most productive workers and the most innovative minds in the world, but we risk losing our edge as a nation. Our infrastructure used to be the best in the world. Today, according to the World Economic Forum, we rank 13th. And we have to invest in our greatest asset as well, our people. For example, we used to lead the world in educational achievement. Now the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks America 35 out of 37 major countries when it comes to investing in early child education and care. We can’t be competitive in the 21st century global economy if we continue to slide.

One of the reasons I believe so firmly in this is because I know what this country can be. We’ve always been a nation of possibilities. We didn’t become this nation we know by dreaming small. Throughout our history, we’ve emerged from crisis by investing in ourselves. During and after the Civil War, we built the transcontinental railroad, uniting America. During the Cold War, we built the interstate highway system, transforming the way Americans are able to live their lives. And now we’ll build the economy for the 21st century. I truly believe that 50 years from now, when historians look back on this moment, they’re going to say this was the beginning of the moment when America won the competition for the 21st century. I think that’s what we’re going to see happen, God willing. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you very much.

Well, look, you know me. I’m an optimist. What we have seen so far does not guarantee that’s the outcome. As a matter of fact, we’re going to know in the next several weeks that just not only how transmissible disease is, but how extensive it is, how dangerous it is, and what damage it does. And most importantly, whether the vaccines we have are capable of dealing with this virus, particularly if the boosters we’re trying to get everybody yet. So I think the jury’s still out. I think it’s a little early to make that judgment, but am I concerned? Of course I am, until we get the final answers, I’ll take a couple more questions. Yes.

Well first of all, I didn’t see any of the debate today. There’s just the presentation today. I support Roe V. Wade. I think it’s a rational position to take, and I continue to support it.

Because what I’ve seen so far based on what we’ve done. This is the first time I’ve seen where labor and businesses so ready to cooperate because they didn’t go through a period of a year, over two years almost, of the impacts of a terrible virus that has caused real damage to the world economy. So I think people are in a different state of mind than they may have been during the Carter years, as well as the Nixon years. It’s just a different world.

I don’t think about the former president. Thank you.It’s good to see you all. Good morning. Thank you Secretary Blinken, and a special thanks to Special Envoy Kerry. John’s been a friend for a long time, and I have absolute trust in his leadership on this issue. We’re honored to host all of you today as a follow-up to the Leaders’ Summit on the climate we hosted back in April. That summit made good on a commitment that I made to the American people, that the United States would return immediately to the world stage and address the climate crisis. I wanted to show that we’re at an inflection point, and that there’s a real consensus, a real consensus, that while the climate crisis poses an existential threat there is a silver lining.

The climate crisis also presents real and incredible economic opportunities to create jobs and lift up the standard of living for people around the world. And I want to thank you and your efforts so far, and I need to tell you the consequences of inaction. But you all actually know it. It’s somewhat presumptuous of me to say this, but over the last two weeks I’ve traveled across the United States to see the damage and destruction from record hurricanes, record floods, and wildfires. China continues across … Excuse me. Climate continues to change across Europe, Africa, and Latin America, and you’ve endured massive flooding.

Fires have raged across Australia, and the Amazon, and the Russian tundra. In Siberia, I found it almost unbelievable, temperatures reached 118 degrees. 118 degrees inside the Arctic Circle. The finding from a new Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change represents a code red for humanity, and the time to act is really narrowing as the secretary just pointed out. If we get too close to a point of no return, we don’t have a lot of time. So we have to act. All of us, we have to act, and we have to act now. When we met in April, we agreed to strengthen our efforts as we had COP26 in Glasgow. Today I’ve called us together again to candidly assess our progress.

I’m grateful to those of you who’ve strengthened your contributions under the Paris Climate Agreement and put forward ambitious targets for 2030. And thanks to your leadership, countries representing more than half of the global GDP are committed to taking steps that will keep us within reach of our joint pursuit of limiting warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. But we know there’s still a lot of work to do. And if anything our job, is my view, has grown more urgent. The countries representing the Major Economies Forum account for 80% of global emissions. Without adequate commitments from every nation in this room, the goal of limiting warming to 1.5 degrees slips through our hands, and that’s a disaster.

Here’s what I believe we have to do right now, and what we’re advancing here in the United States. We have to bring to Glasgow our highest possible ambitions. Those that have not yet done so, time is running out. For our part in America, I’m working to pass historic investment and to modernize our climate resilient infrastructure, to build a clean-energy future that creates millions of jobs and ushers in new industries in the future. As part of this work, the United States is committed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions between 50 and 52% below 2005 levels by the year 2030. And we set a goal that by 2025 our power sector will be free of carbon, and 2030 50% of the cars sold in the United States we believe should be, must be, electrical vehicles.

A further step we’re working with the European Union and other partners to launch is a global methane pledge, to reduce global methane emissions by at least 30% below 2020 levels by 2030. This will not only rapidly reduce the rate of global warming, but it will also produce a very valuable side benefit like improving public health and agricultural output. We’re mobilizing support to help developing countries join and pledge to do something significant, pledge and seize this virtual opportunity. We’ve already taken big steps domestically to tackle these emissions and create good paying jobs introduced by plugging leaks and capping abandoned wells and gas wells.

We believe the collective goal is both ambitious but realistic. And we urge you to join us in announcing this pledge at COP26. Now, we also have to make additional progress to support developing countries. At the Leaders’ Summit in April I announced the United States is working to double our climate finance, triple our support for adaptation by 2024 for developing nations. And I can assure you that we’re looking for ways to go even further toward meeting the collective goal of mobilizing a hundred billion dollars a year from the developing world and for them. Our emphasis this year is going to be on building ambition on the road to Glasgow. Glasgow is not our final destination.

Whatever commitments we make at COP26, we must all resolve together in Glasgow to continue strengthening our ambition and our actions next year and throughout the decisive decade to keep us below 1.5 degrees, keep that within reach. That’s why this forum I believe is so important, and it was an important driver in the Paris Climate Agreement. We got to continue to play a vital role going forward. At this critical juncture, the start of a decisive decade, I can use this forum to forge a political momentum and consensus to drive concrete actions in four key spheres of energy, industry, land, the ocean.

And I want to be clear, this forum will compliment not substitute for other forums. In fact, with respect to energy and industry, we will closely align our efforts with the work of the forums, like the Clean Energy Ministerial and the Mission Innovation, both of which I’m proud to say the United States will chair next year. A plan to kick off these efforts by bringing together ministers in January to discuss clean energy goals in power, transport, industry, building sector. We also want to focus on ocean initiatives in advance of our ocean conference next February. I plan to convene a leaders-level gathering so we can take stock of the collective progress we’ve made.

In closing, and thank you for your patience, I want to again underscore both the urgency of this moment and the tremendous opportunity before us. I look forward to continuing this work together and hearing how you plan to contribute to the climate ambition the world so urgently needs. The time is now. The time is now. Thank you for your indulgence. I’m now going to turn this over to Special Envoy John Kerry. Thank you.Good afternoon. I’ve just met with the vice president, Secretary Blinken, Secretary Austin, National Security Advisor Solomon, and other members of the national security leadership team in the situation room to discuss our ongoing efforts to evacuate American citizens, third country civilians, Afghan allies, and vulnerable Afghans. And I want to provide the American people with a brief update on the situation in Afghanistan.

Since I spoke to you on Monday, we’ve made significant progress. We’ve secured the airport, enabling flights to resume, not just military flights, but civilian charters and from other countries and the NGOs taking out civilians and vulnerable Afghanis. And now we have almost 6,000 troops on the ground, including the 82nd Airborne providing runway security, the Army 10th Mountain Division standing guard around the airport, and the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit assisting the civilian departure. This is one of the largest, most difficult airlifts in history and the only country in the world capable of projecting this much power on the far side of the world with this degree of precision is the United States of America.

We’ve already evacuated more than 18,000 people since July and approximately 13,000 since our military airlift began on August the 14th. Thousands more have been evacuated on private charter flights facilitated by the US government. These numbers include American citizens and permanent residents, as well as their families. It includes SIV applicants and their families. Those Afghans who have worked alongside us, served alongside of us, gone into combat with us, and provided invaluable assistance to us, such as translators and interpreters. The United States stands by his commitment that we’ve made to these people and includes other vulnerable Afghans, such as women leaders and journalists. In fact, working in close coordination with the management on New York Times, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, we have successfully evacuated all 204 of their employees in Afghanistan on US military aircraft earlier this week.

We’ve established the flow of flights and we’ve increased the number of people we’re moving out of the country. We paused flights in Kabul a few hours this morning to make sure we could process the arriving evacuations at the transit points. But our commander in Kabul was already given the order for outbound flights to resume. Even with the pause, we moved out 5,700 evacuees yesterday, and we’re working on a variety to verify that number of the Americans are still in country as we work on this because we don’t have the exact number people who are Americans are there. And those who have may have come up home to the United States, we want to get a strong number as to exactly how many people are there, how many American citizens, and where they are. Just yesterday among the many Americans we evacuated, there were 169 million Americans who we got over the wall into the airport using military assets.

We’re also facilitating flights for our allies and our partners and working in close operational coordination with NATO on this evacuation. For example, we provided over watch for the French convoy, bringing hundreds of their people from the French embassy to the airport. These operations are going to continue over the coming days before we complete our draw down. We’re going to do everything, everything that we can to provide safe evacuation for our Afghanistan allies, partners, and Afghans who might be targeted because of their association with the United States.

Let me be clear. Any American wants to come home, we will get you home. Make no mistake. This evacuation mission is dangerous. It involves risks to armed forces and it’s being conducted under difficult circumstances. I cannot promise what the final outcome will be or what it will be, that it will be without risk of loss. But as commander in chief, I can assure you that I will mobilize every resource necessary. And as an American, I offer my gratitude to the brave men and women of the US armed forces who are carrying out this mission. They’re incredible.

As we continue to work, the logistics of evacuation, we’re in constant contact with the Taliban, working to ensure civilians have safe passage to the airport. We’re particularly focused on our engagements on making sure every American who wants to leave can get to the airport. Where we have been seeing challenges for Americans, we have thus far been able to resolve them. Look, we’ve made clear to the Taliban that any attack, any attack on our forces or disruption of our operations at the airport will be met with swift and forceful response. We’re also keeping a close watch on any potential terrorist threat at or around the airport, including from the ISIS affiliates in Afghanistan who were released from prison when the prisons were empty and because they are by the way, and make everybody understand that the ISIS in Afghanistan have been the sworn enemy of Taliban.

I’ve said all along, we’re going to retain a laser focus on our counter-terrorism mission, working in close coordination with our allies and our partners, and all those who have an interest in ensuring stability in the region. Secretary Blinken is with me today, met this morning with our NATO allies in consultation about the way forward, so that Afghanistan cannot be used in the future as a terrorist base of attack to attack the United States or our allies. For 20 years, Afghanistan has been a joint effort with our NATO allies. We went in together and we’re leaving together, and now we’re working together to bring our people and our Afghan partners to safety.

The past few days, I’ve also spoken directly with the British Prime Minister, Mr. Johnson, Chancellor Merkel of Germany, and President Macron of France. We all agreed that we should convene and we will convene the G7 meeting next week, a group of the world’s leading democracies so that together we can coordinate our mutual approach, our united approach on Afghanistan and moving forward. We are united with our closest partners to execute the mission at hand.

We’ve also discussed the need to work with the international community to provide humanitarian assistance such as food aid and medical care for refugees who have crossed into neighboring countries to escape the Taliban and to bring international pressure on the Taliban, with respect to the treatment of the Afghan people overall, but including Afghan, particularly women and girls.

The past week has been heartbreaking. We’ve seen gut-wrenching images of panicked people acting out of sheer desperation. It’s completely understandable. They’re frightened or sad, uncertain what happens next. I don’t think anyone, I don’t think any one of us can see these pictures and not feel that pain on a human level. Now we have a mission, a mission to complete in Afghanistan. It’s an incredibly difficult and dangerous operation for our military. We have almost 6,000 of America’s finest fighting men and women at the Kabul Airport.

And we’re putting their lives on the line and they’re doing it in a dangerous place to save other Americans, or Afghan allies, and citizens of our allies. I talk to our commanders on the ground there every single day as I just did a few hours or an hour or so ago. And I made it clear to them and we’ll get them whatever they need to do the job. They’re performing to the highest standard under extraordinarily difficult and dynamic circumstances. Our NATO allies are strongly standing with us, their troops keeping century alongside ours in Kabul. As is the case whenever I deploy our troops into harm’s way, I take that responsibility seriously. I carry that burden every day, just as I did when I was vice-president and my son was deployed to Iraq for a year.

There’ll be plenty of time to criticize and second guess when this operation is over, but now, now I’m focused on getting this job done. I would ask every American to join me in praying for the women and men risking their lives in the ground in the service of our nation. As events evolve over the coming days, my team and I will continue to share the information and update the American people on exactly where things are. We’ll use every resource necessary to carry out the mission at hand and bring the safety American citizens and our Afghan allies. This is our focus now, and when this is finished, we will complete our military withdrawal and finally bring to an end 20 years of American military action in Afghanistan. Thank you. And may God bless our troops, our diplomats, and all those serving in harm’s way. And now, I’ll take questions. AP, Zeke Miller.

I have seen no question of our credibility from our allies around the world. I’ve spoken with our NATO allies. We’ve spoken with NATO allies, the secretary of state. Our national security advisor has been in contact with his counterparts throughout the world and our allies as has the general… Or, excuse me, I keep calling him a general, but my secretary of defense. The fact of the matter is I have not seen that. As a matter of fact, the exact opposite I’ve gotten. The exact opposite thing is we’re acting with dispatch. We’re committing to what we said we would do.

Look, let’s put this thing in perspective here. What interest do we have in Afghanistan at this point with Al Qaeda gone? We went to Afghanistan for the express purpose of getting rid of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan, as well as getting Osama Bin Laden. And we did. Imagine, just imagine if that attack, if Bin Laden had decided with Al Qaeda to launch an attack from Yemen, would we ever gone to Afghanistan?

Would there ever be any reason we’d be in Afghanistan, controlled by the Taliban? What is a national interest of the United States in that circumstance? We went and did the mission. You’ve known my position for a long, long time. It’s time to end this war. The estimates of the cost of this war over the last 20 years range from a minimum $1 trillion to a think tank at one of the universities saying $2 trillion. That’s somewhere between $150 million a day and $300 million a day. The threat from terrorism has metastasized. There’s a greater danger from ISIS and Al Qaeda and all these affiliates in other countries by far than there is from Afghanistan.

And we’re going to retain an over the horizon capability that if they were to come back to be able to take them out, surgically move. So this is where we should be. This is about America leading the world, and all our allies have agreed with that. And by the way, before I made this decision, I was at the G7 as well as met with our NATO partners. And I told them all, every one of them knew and agreed with the decision I made to end and jointly end our involvement in Afghanistan. The first part of your question was… I can’t remember now.

Yes. Yes. We’re making the same commitment. There’s nothing more important than bringing American citizens out. I acknowledge that, but they’re equally important almost is all those SIVs we call them who in fact helped us. There were translators. They went into battle with us. They were part of the operation as well as we’re also trying to get out as many NGOs, non-government organizations, women’s organizations, et cetera, we’re doing all we can. In the meantime, Secretary Blinken and I am going to be working with our allies to see to it that we can bring international pressure on the Taliban to be… They’re looking to gain some legitimacy. They’re going to have to figure out how they’re going to maintain that country. And there’s going to be strong conditions we’re going to apply, and it will depend on whether they get help based on whether or not how well they treat women and girls, how they treat their citizens. So this is just beginning on that score.

I think we can get it done by then, but we’re going to make that judgment as we go. Now, Justin Cinco, Bloomberg.

I think you’re comparing apples and oranges. One question was whether or not the Afghan forces we trained up which stay and fight in their own civil war they had going on. No one shouldn’t say no one. The consensus was that it was highly unlikely that in 11 days they’d collapse and fall and the leader of Afghanistan would leave the country. That’s a very different question than whether or not there is the ability to observe whether or not large groups of terrorists began to accumulate in a particular area in Afghanistan, but plot against the United States of America.

That’s why we retained an over the horizon capability to go in and do something about that if that occurs, if that occurs. But in the meantime, we know what’s happened around the world. We know what’s happening in terms of what’s going on in other countries, where there is the significant rise of terrorist organizations in the Middle East and East Africa and other places. And so the bottom line is we’re dealing with those terrorist threats from other parts of the world and failed states without permanent military presence there. We have to do the same in Afghanistan.

I got all kinds of cables, all kinds of advice. Have you noticed they range from this group saying that they didn’t say it fall when it did fall, but saying that it would fall, other saying it wouldn’t happen for a long time and they’d be able to sustain themselves through the end of the year. I made the decision, the buck stops with me. I took the consensus opinion. The consensus opinion was that in fact it would not occur if it occurred until later in the year. So it was my decision. Now, my next is Stephanie Ramos, ABC.

We have no indication that they haven’t been able to get in Kabul through the airport. We’ve made an agreement with the Taliban thus far, they’ve allowed them to go through it’s and they’re interested in them to go through. So we know of no circumstance where American citizens are carrying an American passport are trying to get through to the airport, but we will do whatever needs to be done to see to that they get to the airport.

We want you to be able to get to the airport, contact us. We’ll see whatever we can do to get you there. We’ve got to get you out. We are committed to deal with you, your wife, and your child, to get all three of you out of Afghanistan. That’s the commitment.

Meredith Lee of PBS News Hour.

The last answer is yes to the last question. We’re continuing every opportunity and every means by which we could get folks to the airport. That’s number one. Number two, the reason why we have not gone out and started and set up a perimeter way outside of the airport in Kabul is that it’s likely to draw an awful lot of unintended consequences in terms of people who in fact are not part of the Taliban. We’ve been in constant contact with the Taliban leadership on the ground in Kabul, as well as the Taliban leadership at Dalai. And we’ve been coordinating what we’re doing.

That’s why we were able, for example, how we got all of our embassy personnel out, how we got everyone out of the embassy safely. That was the distance. That’s how we helped get the French out and out of their embassy. So the question remains, there will be judgements made on the ground by the military commanders at the moment. And that I cannot second guess each of those judgments to made, but the idea of again… I mean, let me get back to the fundamental point I made at the outset. When the decision was made by me, and it was made some time ago. And I ran for president saying I wanted to get us out of Afghanistan.

One of the things that is a reality as people now say to me and to others, and many of you say it on air, that why did we have to move? Because no Americans are being attacked. Why did we withdraw those… Why’d we agree to withdraw 2,500 troops? No Americans are being attacked. As I said before, the reason they weren’t being attacked was part of an agreement that Trump had made a year earlier. We will leave by May 1st, he said, as long as there’s no attack on Americans in that year period. Number one, number two, the Taliban was taking large swaths of the countryside, north and south, none of the major areas, none of the major points of the capitols of each of these provinces, but they were all over the country. And the idea that if I had said on May the 2nd or 3rd, “We are not leaving, we are staying.”

Does anybody truly believe that I would not have had to put in significantly more American forces, send your sons, your daughters, like my son was sent to Iraq to maybe die? And for what? For what? So then the only rational thing to do in my view was to set up and preposition American forces for purpose of evacuation and the aircraft to pre-position those ahead of time, so that we would be able to begin the process of evacuation of American citizens, SIVs, and others who helped us.

The last point I’ll make is this. Look, if we had decided 15 years ago to leave Afghanistan, it would have been really difficult. If we decided five years ago, if we continued the war for another decade and tried to leave. There’s no way in which we’d be able to leave Afghanistan without there being some of what you’re seeing now, but what we’ve done so far is be able to get a large number of Americans out, all our personnel at the embassy out, and so on. And thank God so far, knock on wood, we’re in a different position. Scott Detra, Scott, NPR.

I thought the question was, how can they get through to the airport outside the airport? And the answer is to the best of our knowledge, the Taliban checkpoints, they are letting through people showing American passports. Now, that’s a different question when they get into the rush and crowd of all the folks just outside the wall, near the airport. That’s why we had to, I guess, was it yesterday day before? We went over the wall and brought in how many?

169 Americans. So it is a process to try to figure out how we deal with the mad rush of non-Americans, those who didn’t help. Those who are not on the priority list, just any Afghan, any Afghan to be able to get out of the country. And so my guess is that no matter what, under what circumstances anyone, there’s not a whole lot of Afghanis… There’s a whole lot of Afghanis that just as soon come to America, whether there are any involvement with the United States in the past at all, rather than stay under Taliban rule and any rule. So what I was saying is that we have an agreement that they will let pass through the checkpoints that they, the Taliban control, the Americans through.

Well, yeah, at some point, but the point was that although we were in contact with the Taliban and Doha for this whole period of time, that some point wasn’t expected to be the total demise of the Afghan national force, which was 300 persons. Let’s assume the Afghan national force had continued to fight. And they were surrounding Kabul. It’d be very different story, very different story. But the overwhelming consensus was that they were not going to collapse the Afghan forces. They were not going to leave. They were not going to just abandon and put down their arms and take off. So that’s what’s happened. Thank you very, very much.… vaccinated and protected from the Delta virus, the double variant of COVID-19. I just got a monthly briefing from my COVID team. And here’s the latest data that confirms that we’re still in a pandemic of the unvaccinated.

While we’re starting to see initial signs that cases may be declining in a few places, cases are still rising, especially among the unvaccinated. There are still 85 million Americans who are eligible to get vaccinated who remain unvaccinated and at real risk. Across the country virtually all the COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths continue to be among the unvaccinated. In Alabama, more than 90% of the current hospitalizations are among the unvaccinated. In Texas, 95% of those in hospitals are unvaccinated. Right now it’s worse in states where overall vaccination rates are low. Let me be clear. Even in states where the vaccination rate is high, the unvaccinated in those states are also at risk and we’re seeing cases rise as a result.

Quite frankly, it’s a tragedy. There are people who are dying and who will die who didn’t have to. So please, if you haven’t gotten vaccinated, do it now, do it now. It’d save your life and it could save the lives of those you love.

The good news is that more people are getting vaccinated. Overall weekly new vaccinations are up more than 80% from where they were a month ago. While it can take up to six weeks to get fully protected after your first shot, this increased level of vaccinations are going to provide results in the weeks ahead. Just remember, we have two key and two key ways of protecting ourselves against COVID-19. One, safe, free, and effective vaccines. And two, masks. Vaccines are the best defense, but masks are extremely helpful as well. And for those who aren’t eligible for the vaccine yet, children under the age of 12, mask are the best available projection for them and the adults around them. That’s why we need to make sure children are wearing masks in school.

Before I talk about the news-related to vaccines, let me say a few words about masks and our children. Unfortunately, as you’ve seen throughout this pandemic, some politicians are trying to turn public safety measures, that is children wearing masks in school, into political disputes for their own political gain. Some are even trying to take power away from local educators by banning masks in school. They’re setting a dangerous tone. For example, last week at a school board meeting in Tennessee, protestors threatened doctors and nurses who were testifying, making the case for masking children in schools. The intimidation or threats we’re seeing across the country are wrong. They’re unacceptable. I’ve said before, this isn’t about politics. It’s about keeping our children safe. It’s about taking on the virus together, united. I made it clear, and I’ll stand with those who are trying to do the right thing.

Last week, I called school superintendents in Florida and Arizona to thank them for doing the right thing and requiring mask in their school. One of them said, “We teach science, so we follow the science.” The other said, “They have a guiding principle. Students first.” I just couldn’t agree more with what they both said. And that’s why today I’m directing the Secretary of Education, an educator himself, to take additional steps to protect our children. This includes using all of his oversight authorities and legal action, if appropriate, against governors who are trying to block and intimidate local school officials and educators. And as I said before, if you aren’t going to fight COVID-19, at least get out of the way of everyone else who’s trying.

We’re not going to sit by as governors try to block and intimidate educators protecting our children. For example, if a governor wants to cut the pay of a hardworking education leader who requires masks in the classroom, the money from the American Rescue Plan can be used to pay that person’s salary 100%. I’m going to say a lot more about children and schools next week. But as we head into the school year, remember this, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC says masks are critical, especially for those who are not yet vaccinated like our children under the age of 12.

So let’s put politics aside. Let’s follow the educators and the scientists who know a lot more about how to teach our children and keep them safe than any politician. This administration is always going to take the side of our children.

Next, I want to talk to those of you can get vaccinated but you haven’t. The Delta variant is twice as transmissible as the Alpha variant. It’s dangerous and it continues to spread. Vaccines are the key to stopping it. We’re making progress. Today more than 90% of seniors have at least had one shot, and 70% of people over the age of 12 have gotten their first shot as well. That’s good news. Well, we need to go faster. That’s why I’m taking steps on vaccination requirements where I can. Already I’ve outlined vaccine requirements that are going to reach millions of Americans, federal workers and contractors, medical staff caring for our veterans at VA hospitals, and our active duty military reservists and national guard.

Today I’m announcing a new step. If you work in a nursing home and serve people on Medicare or Medicaid, you will also be required to get vaccinated. More than 130,000 residents in nursing homes have sadly over the period of this virus passed away. At the same time, vaccination rates among nursing home staff significantly trail the rest of the country. The studies show that highly vaccinated nursing home staff is associated with at least 30% less COVID-19 cases among long-term care residents.

For this announcement I’m using the power of the federal government as a payer of healthcare cost to ensure we reduce those risks for our most vulnerable seniors. These steps are all about keeping people safe and out of harm’s way. If you walk into a government office building, you should know that federal workers are doing everything possible to keep you safe. If you’re a veteran seeking care at a VA hospital, you should not be at a greater risk walking into the hospital than you were outside the hospital. And now, if you visit, live, or work in a nursing home, you should not be at a high risk for contracting COVID from unvaccinated employees.

While I’m mindful that my authority at the federal level is limited, I’m going to continue to look for ways to keep people safe and increase vaccination rates. And I’m pleased to see the private sector stepping up as well. In the last week, AT&T, Amtrak, McDonald’s, they all announced vaccine requirements. I recently met with a group of business and education leaders from United Airlines to Kaiser Permanente to Howard University who are also doing the same thing. Over 200 health systems, more than 15 in the past two weeks have announced vaccine requirements. Colleges and universities are requiring more than 5 million students to be vaccinated as they return to classes this fall. All of this makes a difference.

The Wall Street Journal reported the share of job postings stating that new hires must be vaccinated has nearly doubled in the past month. Governors and mayors in California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Oregon, and Washington have all announced vaccination requirements. So let’s be clear. Vaccination requirements have been around for decades. Students, healthcare professionals, our troops are typically required to receive vaccines to prevent everything from polio to small pox to measles to mumps to rubella. In fact, the reason most people in America don’t worry about polio, small pox, measles, mumps, or rubella today is because of vaccines. It only makes sense to require a vaccine to stop the spread of COVID-19. And it’s time for others to step up.

Employers have more power today to end this pandemic than they’ve ever had before. My message is simple. Do the right thing for your employees, consumers, and your business. Let’s remember. The key tool to keeping our economy going strong is to get people vaccinated and at work. I know that I’ll have your back. They should know I’ll have their back, as I have the back of the states trying to do the right thing as well. For example, yesterday I instructed the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, to extend full reimbursement through the end of the year to state deployments of national guard in support of COVID-19 response. Nearly 18,000 national guard members are supporting our response nationwide from caring for patients to administering vaccines to running testing sites to distributing supplies.

As the states continue to recover from the economic toll left by COVID-19, a full reimbursement of national guard services during this pandemic will be another tool that will help them shore up their budgets, meet the needs of the communities, and continue our economic recovery. These are the latest steps we’re taking to get more people vaccinated.

Next I want to speak to you all, all of you who are vaccinated, how should you be thinking about the moment we’re in. First, know that you’re highly protected against severe illness and death from COVID-19. Only a small fraction of people going to the hospital today are those who have been vaccinated. We have a responsibility to give the maximum amount of protection, all of you the maximum amount. Earlier today, our medical experts announced the plan for booster shots to every fully vaccinated American, adult American. This will boost your immune response and will increase your protection from COVID-19, and it’s the best way to protect ourselves from new variants that could arise.

The plan is for every adult to get a booster shot eight months after you’ve got your second shot. Pending approval from the Food and Drug Administration, the CDC’s committee of outside experts will be ready to start this booster program through the week of September 20 in which time anyone vaccinated on or before January 20 will be eligible to get a booster shot. So that means that if you got your second shot in February 15, you’re eligible to get your booster shot on October 15. If you got your second shot on March 15, go for your booster starting November 15, and so on. Just remember, as a simple rule, eight months after your second shot, get a booster shot. These booster shots are free. You will be able to get the booster shots at any one of approximately 80,000 vaccination locations nationwide. It will be easy. Just show your vaccination card and you’ll get a booster. No other ID, no insurance, no state residency requirement.

My administration have been planning for this possibility and this scenario for months. We purchased enough vaccine and vaccine supplies so that when your eight month mark comes up, you’ll be ready to get your vaccination free and booster shot free, and we have it available. And it’ll make you safer and for longer, and it will help us end the pandemic faster.

Now, I know there’s some world leaders who say America shouldn’t get a third shot until other countries got their first shot. I disagree. We can take care of America and help the world at the same time. In June and July, America administered 50 million shots here in the United States and we donated 100 million shots to other countries. That means that America has donated more vaccine to other countries than every other country in the world combined.

During the coming months of fall and early winter, we expect to give out another about 100,000 boosters and the United States will donate more than 200 million additional doses to other countries. This will keep us on our way to meeting our pledge of more than 600 million vaccine donations, over half a billion. As I said before, we’re going to be the arsenal of vaccines to beat this pandemic as we were the arsenal of democracy to win World War II.

So let me conclude with this. The threat of the Delta virus remains real. But we are prepared. We have the tools. We can do this. To all those of you who are unvaccinated, please get vaccinated for yourself and for your loved ones, for your neighborhood, for your community. And to the rest of America, this is no time to let our guard down. We just need to finish the job, with science, with facts, and with confidence. And together, as United States of America, we’ll get this done. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you.Impressive, man.

What an impressive young man.

When I was your age… You’re going to sit down, babe, or you’re going to stand?

No, you don’t have to. Elijah, when I was your age in eighth grade, I wasn’t a bad student, and I wasn’t a bad athlete, but I’ll tell you what. I could no more do what you just did than fly, because I used to talk, talk, talk, talk like, like that. I stuttered. And especially when I had to do something in public or read aloud. And I am amazed when I see young women and men like you who can stand up and speak with such grace and ease. It’s really impressive. Really, really impressive.

Well, folks, this is not like the school I went to. When they said we were going to speak outside, I wonder why the hell are we going up all these stairs? I thought we’d be out in the parking lot. I mean, for real, that’s where I thought we’re going to be. Elijah, thank you for the introduction. And Jill and I, along with Secretary Cardona and Mayor Bowzer are here because we want you to know how very proud, how very proud of you and your classmates we all are.

I also want to thank Principal Richardson. I was kidding him. I was saying this school is really something else. And the way we talked about the interfacing of all the students and the social educations taking place and how things are changing. And Chancellor Ferebee, I told you, I think that’s maybe the harder job than about anything I can think of. Thank you. You’re doing a heck of a job.

We know the start of the school year is an excellent time to mix anticipation and nervousness. And the pandemic adds to that mix of emotions. And I think about all the parents I’ve talked to since the start of this pandemic worried about the loss of learning that their child, missed opportunities a child is having, because so many of them had to stay at home, all had to stay at home, but so many of them didn’t have access to the internet. Didn’t have access to… didn’t have the equipment, worried about whether or not the school lunch program was going to still be available. So much anxiety.

And it’s not just academics. It’s the friendship and the socialization that may be equally as consequential. You know, it’s access to critical services like meals, school counseling, and that helps these students stay physically and mentally alert. But I want folks to know that we’re going to be okay. We’re going to be okay. We know what it takes to keep our children safe and our schools open and we have the tools to do it. Last night, I laid out a plan for the fall to beat this pandemic. And basically it has six parts. Vaccinate the unvaccinated. And thank you for getting the vaccination and thank your parents for doing that.

Two is to protect the vaccinated. Three is increase testing and masking. Four is to take care of people with COVID. Five is to keep our economy going, and six is keep our children safe and in school and schools open. Now for any parent, it doesn’t matter how low the risk of any illness is when it could happen to your child. But we all know if schools follow the science and they are here and implement safety measures like vaccinations, testing, masking, then children can be safe in schools, safe from COVID-19. My plan does all these things.

On vaccinations, it comes down to two separate categories, children ages 12 and older, like Elijah, who are eligible for vaccines. And he got his. Children ages 11 and under who are not yet eligible. The safest thing you can do for your child 12 and over is get them vaccinated. That’s it. Simple, plain, straightforward. Get them vaccinated. So parents, get your teenagers vaccinated. You’ve got them vaccinated for all kinds of other things. Measles, mumps, rubella, for them to go to school, to be able to play sports. They’ve had to have those vaccinations. Get them vaccinated. COVID-19 vaccine is easy. It is safe and it’s convenient. And we work to bring the vaccine clinics to our schools as well. Mayor Bowser’s done one heck of a job. You really have, man.

You’re doing a heck of a job across the board. I really mean that, but you set up vaccination clinics in about 20 school sites, including here in Brooklyn, because you’re going to continue through the month of September. So there’s really no excuse to not be able. You can get vaccinated. It’s not like it’s so distant to do. We’re giving prizes and incentives to encourage children and families to get the shots. And look, their efforts are working. 65% of the children ages 12 to 17 here in DC have gotten at least one shot like Elijah. That’s incredible.

That’s one of the highest rates in the nation for children between the ages of 12 and 17. And for students here in Brooklyn, once you all get vaccinated, you’re invited to a special visit at the White House. I know I’m going to get in trouble with the secret service and everybody else. I’m not sure how we’re going to mechanically do it, but I assume the buses can get you to the White House. And if we can’t get you all in one room, we’ll be out in the Rose Garden or out in the back there. And maybe let you fly the helicopters or not. I’m only joking about that. I was just downstairs in the science class. It’s amazing that, you saw it, mayor. It’s amazing. These kids are excited about building a vehicle that can land on the moon. I really mean it. And I asked them, I said, “How many of you want to go to the moon?” Everybody but one said they wanted to go to the moon.

I asked how many want to go to Mars? And I think they all raised their hand as well, but it’s really… And they’re excited about it. Now, the best way for parents to protect a child under 12 starts at home. Every parent, every teen sibling, every caregiver around them should be vaccinated. Children have four times higher chance of getting hospitalized if they live in an area with low vaccination rates, rather than high vaccination rates. That goes for the home as well. There’s a high vaccination rate in the home, it significantly diminishes the possibilities. Now, if you’re a parent of a young child, you’re wondering when will the vaccine be available for them? I strongly support independent scientific view of vaccine usage for children under 12, but I’ve told them I will do everything within my power to support the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA on its ongoing efforts to do the science as safely and as quickly as possible.

And our nation’s doctors will keep the public updated on the process, so parents can have a plan to give them the sense of what progress is being made. The vaccinations of our educators, today, about 90% of school staff and teachers are vaccinated. We should have that at 100%. We’re requiring vaccinations for teachers where I have authority to require who work in US government and educators in Head Start, which is a federal program because it’s funded by the federal government. But I’m calling on all governors to require vaccination for all teachers and staff. Vaccination requirements in schools are nothing new. They work. They’re overwhelmingly supported by educators and their unions.

Now on school safety measures, in our American Rescue Plan, which we passed early on, we provided the funding for ventilation systems, cleaning and sanitizing services, and critical safety measures to significantly reduce the spread of the virus and protect our children and keep our schools safe. And we will do whatever it takes this school year as well, especially, especially on increasing testing. We provided funding through the American Rescue Plan to implement testing in schools for teachers, staff, and students. And that includes bus drivers as well. I want all, I want all schools setting up regular testing programs to make sure we detect and isolate cases before they can spread.

I will mobilize American industries to produce nearly 300 million more rapid COVID-19 tests for distribution all around the country, including the schools that need them. You know, I’m going to use what we call the Defense Production Act that allows me to ensure that what we need made, we can ask the private enterprise to make them because they’re of national interest. They’re going to make these tests as quickly as possible. I’m going to use the Defense Production Act.

My plan will also expand free testing that you can get at 10,000 pharmacies around the country. Walmart, Amazon, and Kroger’s will sell at home rapid test at cost, which means they’re going to charge no more than it cost them to buy the test from the manufacturer. And that will be the same way for the next three months. That’s a discount of about 35%, about 35%. This is important for everyone, particularly for a parent of a child not old enough to be vaccinated. You’ll be able to test your child at home and test those around them as well. And unmasking, we know masks work. They are uncomfortable sometimes, and they get tired of wearing them. I understand. I really do. And I wear them in the White House. Under the CDC guidelines, every person in a school, teachers, staff, students should be masked while indoors.

To all the school officials trying to do the right thing by our children, I will always be on your side, no matter how much heat you’re getting from outside. And let me close this. I’ve often said that our children are the kite strings. They’re all our children, not just our children, everybody’s children. They’re the kite strings that lift our national ambitions aloft. That’s not hyperbole. That’s a fact. We owe it to them to do everything we can to keep them safe in school, dreaming, learning, thriving, socializing, becoming good citizens.

It means following the science, wearing a mask, getting tested, getting vaccinated. It means working together and looking out for each other, like they teach you in school. We can look out for each other. We can do this. I think you’re going to have a great school year. I can see the enthusiasm. And if you just walk in the classrooms, there’s real enthusiasm. I’m sure there were some classrooms I was in through school where anybody walked, oh, here we go now, but you’ve been really great. You really have.

And principal, you’ve done a great job here. You really have. And I hope everybody gets to see this. I wish I could take the whole nation around this, every one of these classrooms and see what’s going on because it’s such a great example. So again, thank you. Have a great school year. And Elijah, I’m going to find out if I can find out when your football games are. I may want to try to figure out without 10,000 secret service agents to come and see you play a little bit. Okay? Thank you very much.

Have at it. Look, I am so disappointed that particularly some Republican governors have been so cavalier with the health of these kids. So cavalier with the health of their communities. We’re playing for real here. This isn’t a game. And I don’t know of any scientists out there in this field that doesn’t think it makes considerable sense to do the six things I’ve suggested.

Let me conclude with this. One of the lessons I hope our students can unlearn is that politics doesn’t have to be this way. Politics doesn’t have to be this way. They’re growing up in an environment where they see it’s like a war, like a bitter feud. If a Democrat says right, everybody says left. If a Democrat say left, they say right. I mean, it’s not how we are. It’s not who we are as a nation. And it’s not how we beat every other crisis in our history. We got to come together. And I think the vast majority… Look at the polling data. The vast majority of American people know we have to do these things. They’re hard, but necessary. We’re going to get them done. Thank you.A tough day.

This evening in Kabul, as you all know, terrorists attacked that we’ve been talking about, and worried about, that the intelligence community has undertaken an attack by a group known as ISIS-K took the lives of American service members standing guard at the airport and wounded several others seriously. They also wounded a number of civilians and civilians were killed as well. I’ve been engaged all day in constant contact with the military commanders here in Washington, and the Pentagon, as well as in Afghanistan, and Doha. And, my commanders here in Washington in the field have been on this with great detail and you’ve had a chance to speak to some so far.

The situation on the ground is still evolving and I’m constantly being updated. These American service members who gave their lives, it’s an overused word, but it’s totally appropriate here, were heroes. Heroes who’ve been engaged in a dangerous, selfless mission to save the lives of others. They were a part of an airlift and evacuation effort unlike any seen in history with more than 100,000 American citizens, American partners, Afghans who helped us and others taking to safety in the last 11 days. Just the last 12 hours or so, another 7,000 have gotten out. They were part of the bravest, most capable, and most selfless military on the face of the earth, and they’re part of simply what I call the backbone of America. They’re the spine of America, the best the country has to offer. Jill and I, our hearts ache, like I’m sure all of you do as well, for all those Afghan families who lost loved ones, including small children, or been wounded with this vicious attack and we’re outraged as well as heartbroken.

Being the father of an Army major who served for a year in Iraq, and before that was in Kosovo as a US attorney for the better part of six months in the middle of a war, when he came home after a year in Iraq he was diagnosed like many, many coming home with an aggressive and lethal cancer of the brain and we lost. We have some sense, like many of you do, what the families of these brave heroes are feeling today. You get this feeling like you’re being sucked into a black hole in the middle of your chest. There’s no way out. My heart aches for you, but I know this, we have a continuing obligation, a sacred obligation to all of you, the families of those heroes.

That obligation is not temporary, it lasts forever. The lives we lost were lives given in the service of liberty, the service of security, in the service of others, in the service of America. Like their fellow brothers and sisters in arms who died defending our vision and our values and the struggle against terrorism, of the fallen this day are part of a great noble company of American heroes. For those who carried out this attack, as well as anyone who wishes America harm, know this, we will not forgive, we will not forget. We will hunt you down and make you pay.

I’ll defend our interests and our people with every measure at my command. Over the past few weeks, I know many of you are probably tired of hearing me say it, we’ve been made aware by our intelligence community that the ISIS-K, an arch enemy, the Taliban, people who were free when from those prisons are opened, has been planning a complex set of attacks on the United States personnel and others. This is why from the outset I repeatedly said this mission was extraordinarily dangerous and why I’ve been so determined to limit the duration of this mission. As General McKenzie said, this is why our mission was designed… This is the way it was designed to operate, operate under severe stress and attack, we’ve known that from the beginning. And as I’ve been in constant contact with our senior military leaders, and I mean constant, around the clock, and our commanders on the ground and throughout the day, they made it clear that we can, and we must complete this mission and we will and that’s what I’ve ordered them to do.

We will not be deterred by terrorists. We will not let them stop our mission. We will continue the evacuation. I’ve also ordered my commanders to develop operational plans to strike ISIS-K assets, leadership, and facilities. We will respond with force and precision at our time, at the place we choose, and a moment of our choosing. Here’s what you need to know. These ISIS terrorists will not win. We will rescue the Americans in there. We will get our Afghan allies out and our mission will go on. America will not be intimidated, and I have the utmost confidence in our brave service members who continue to execute this mission with courage and honor to save lives and get Americans, our partners, our Afghan allies out of Afghanistan.

Every day when I talked to our commanders, I ask them what they need, what more do they need, if anything, to get the job done. As they will tell you, I granted every request, I reiterated them today on three occasions that they should take the maximum steps necessary to protect our forces on the ground on Kabul, and I also want to thank the secretary of defense and the military leadership at the Pentagon and all the commanders in the field. There has been complete unanimity from every commander on the objectives of this mission and the best way to achieve those objectives. Those who have served through the ages have drawn inspiration from the Book of Isaiah. When the Lord says, “Whom shall I send? Who shall go for us?” The American military has been answering for a long time, here I am Lord, send me. Here I am, send me. Each one of these women and men of our armed forces are the heirs of that tradition of sacrifice, and of volunteering to go in harm’s way to risk everything, not for glory, not-for-profit, but to defend what we love and the people we love, and I ask that you join me now in a moment of silence for all those in uniform and out of uniform, military and civilian, who have given the last full measure of devotion. Thank you and God bless you all, and may God protect these troops and all those standing watch for America. We have so much to do and it’s within our capacity to do it. We just have to remain steadfast, steadfast. We will complete our mission and we will continue after our troops are withdrawn to find means by which we can find any American who wishes to get out of Afghanistan. We will find them and we will get them out. Ladies and gentlemen, they gave me a list here. The first person I was instructed to call on was Kelly O’Donnell of NBC.

I’ve instructed the military, whatever they need, if they need additional force, I will grant it. But the military from the chairman of the joint chiefs, the commanders in the field have all contacted me one way or another, usually by letter, saying they subscribe to the mission as designed, to get as many people out as we can within the timeframe that is allotted. That is the best way they believe to get as many Americans out as possible and others. And with regard to finding, tracking down the ISIS leaders who ordered this, we have some reason to believe we know who they are, not certain, and we will find ways of our choosing without large military operations to get them wherever they are. Trevor from Reuters.

No, I don’t. Look, I think General McKenzie handled this question very well. The fact is that we’re in a situation, we inherited the situation, particularly since, as we all know, that the Afghan military collapsed before in 11 days, that it is in the interest of, as Mackenzie said, in the interest of the Taliban, that in fact, ISIS K does not metastasize beyond what it is. Number one. And number two, it’s in their interest that we are able to leave on time, on target. As a consequence of that, the major things we’ve asked them, moving back the perimeter, giving more space between the wall, stopping vehicles from coming through, et cetera, searching people coming through, it is not what you’d call a tightly commanded regimented operation like the US’s the military is. But they’re acting in their interest, their interest. And so by and large, and I’ve asked the same question to military on the ground, whether or not it’s useful exercise, no one trusts them. We’re just counting on their self-interest to continue to generate their activities.

And it’s in their self-interest that we leave when we said, and that we get as many people out as we can. Like I said, even in the midst of everything happened today, over 7,000 people we’ve gotten out, over 5,000 Americans. So it’s not a matter of trust, it’s a matter of mutual self-interest. But there is no evidence thus far that I’ve been given as a consequence by any of our commanders in the field that there has been collusion between the Taliban and ISIS in carrying out what happened today, both in front of the hotel and what is expected to continue for beyond today. Amir, Associated Press.

Because I think what America says matters, what we say we’re going to do in the context in which we say we’re going to do it, that we do it, unless something exceptional changes. There are additional American citizens. There are additional green card holders. There are additional personnel of our allies. There are additional SIV card holders. There are additional Afghans that have helped. And there are additional groups of individuals that have contacted us from women’s groups to NGOs and others who have expressively indicated they want to get out and have gathered, in certain circumstances, in groups, on buses and other means. That still presents the opportunity for the next several days, between now and the 31st, to be able to get them out. And our military and I believe to the extent that we can do that, knowing the threat, knowing that we may very well have another attack, the military has concluded that’s what we should do.

I think they’re right. I think they’re correct. And after that, we’re going to be in a circumstance where there will be, I believe, numerous opportunities to continue to provide access for additional persons to get out of Afghanistan, either through means that we provide and or are provided through in cooperation with the Taliban. They’re not good guys, the Taliban. We’re not suggesting that at all. But they have keen interests. As many of you have been reporting, they’d very much like to figure out how to keep the airport open. They don’t have the capacity to do it. They very much are trying to figure out whether or not they can maintain what is the portion of an economy that has become not robust, but fundamentally different than it had been.

And so there’s a lot of reasons why they have reached out, not just to us, but to others as to why it would be continued in their interest to get more of the personnel we want to get out, we can locate them. Now, there’s not many left that we can assess that want to come out. There’s some Americans we’ve identified and contacted, the vast majority of them, not all of them, who don’t want to leave because they’re dual nationals. They have extended families, et cetera. And there’s others who are looking for the time. So that’s why we continue. I’ll take a few more questions. You, sir.

I say we’re going to continue to try to get you out. It matters. Look, I know of no conflict as a student of history, no conflict where when a war was ending, one side was able to guarantee that everyone they wanted to be extracted from that country would get out. And think about it, folks. I think it’s important for… I know the American people get this in their gut. There are, I would argue, millions of Afghany citizens who are not Taliban, who did not actively cooperate with us as SIVs, who have-

… with us as SIVs who, if given a chance, they’d be on board a plane tomorrow. It sounds ridiculous. But the vast majority of people in communities like that want to come to America given a choice. So getting every single person out can’t be guaranteed by anybody because there’s a determination all who wants to get out as well. At any rate, it’s a process. I was really pointing to you, you sir.

Here’s what I’ve done. Let’s answer the last question first. On the tactical questions of how to conduct an evacuation or a war, I gather up all the major military personnel that are in Afghanistan, the commanders, as well as the Pentagon and I ask for their best military judgment. What would be the most efficient way to accomplish the mission? They concluded, the military, that Bagram was not much value added, that it was much wiser to focus on Kabul. And so I followed that recommendation. With regard to, there are certain circumstances where we’ve gotten information, and quite frankly, sometimes from some of you saying you know of such and such a group of people who are trying to get out and they’re on a bus, they’re moving from other people and this is their location.

And there have been occasions when our military has contacted their military counterparts in the Taliban and said, for example, “This bus is coming through with X number of people on it made up of the following group of people. We want you to let that bus or that group through.” So, yes, there have been occasions like that. And to the best of my knowledge, in those cases, the bulk of that has occurred, they been let through. But I can’t tell you with any certitude that there’s actually been a list of names. There may have been, but I know of no circumstance. It doesn’t mean it didn’t exist that, “Here’s the names of 12 people. They are coming. Let them through.” That could very well have happened. I’ll take one more question. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me take the one question from the most interesting guy that I know in the press.

That’s you.

I bare responsibility for fundamentally all that’s happened of late. But here’s the deal, you know I’m wishing one day to say these things. You know as well as I do that the former President made a deal with the Taliban that he would get all American forces out of Afghanistan by May 1. In return, the commitment was made, and that was a year before, in return, he was given a commitment that the Taliban would continue to attack others but would not attack any American forces. Remember that? I’m being serious. I’m asking you a question because before-

No, no, no, wait a minute. I’m asking you a question. Is that accurate, to the best of your knowledge?

I think they have an issue that people are likely to get hurt, some as we’ve seen have gotten killed, and that it is messy. Whether my friend will acknowledge it or has reported it, the reason why there were no attacks on Americans, as you said from the date until I came into office, was because the commitment was made by President Trump, “I will be out by May 1st. In the meantime, you agree not to attack any Americans.” That was the deal. That’s why no American was attacked.

Yes I do, because look at it this way, folks, and I have another meeting, for real, but imagine where we’d be if I had indicated on May the 1st, I was not going to renegotiate an evacuation date, we were going to stay there, I’d have only one alternative, pour thousands of more troops back into Afghanistan to fight a war that we had already won relative to why the reason we went in the first place. I have never been of the view that we should be sacrificing American lives to try to establish a democratic government in Afghanistan, a country that has never once in its entire history been a united country and is made up, and I don’t mean this in a derogatory, made up of different tribes who have never, ever, ever gotten along with one another.

And so, as I said before, and this is the last comment I’ll make, we’ll have more chance to talk about this, unfortunately, beyond because we’re not out yet, if Osama Bin Laden as well as Al-Qaeda had chosen to launch an attack when they left Saudi Arabia out of Yemen, would we have ever gone to Afghanistan? Even though the Taliban completely controlled Afghanistan at the time, would we have ever gone? I know it’s not fair to ask you questions. It’s rhetorical. But raise your hand if you think we should have gone and given up thousands of lives and tens of thousands of wounded? Our interest in going was to prevent Al-Qaeda from re-emerging. First, to get Bin Laden, wipe out Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, prevent that from happening again.

As I’ve said 100 times, terrorism has metastasized around the world. We have greater threats coming out of other countries heck of a lot closer to the United States. We don’t have military encampments there. We don’t keep people there. We have over them a rising capability to keep them from going after us. Ladies and gentlemen, it was time to end a 20 year war. Thank you so much.Get my mask here. Today’s a great day for American parents, and American families, and American children. We’ve taken a giant step forward to further accelerate our path out of this pandemic. After months of rigorous and independent scientific review, the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, authorized, and the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, recommended a COVID-19 vaccine for children ages five-

… Protect them from this horrible virus, because I would always worry that was what’s coming long. 28 million more young Americans are now eligible for the protection of a vaccine; and my administration is ready. We’re ready from day one, today, organized and have a plan for this vaccination’s launch.

As soon as next week, we’ll have enough vaccine and enough places, and parents will be able to schedule appointments to get their kids their first shot. And we’ve already secured enough vaccine supply for every single child in America, ages five through 11. And weeks ago, we asked states and pharmacies to put together their detailed plan to start placing their orders for these specially formulated vaccines for young children.

We started packing and shipping these orders last week as soon as the FDA authorized the vaccine. We’ve already sent millions of doses, excuse me, millions of doses, and millions more to come by next week. These doses will be available at approximately… Excuse me. I beg your pardon. I swallowed wrong… Will be available at approximately 20,000 locations around the country.

These include places that parents know and trust; their local pharmacies, their pediatricians, family doctors, and children’s hospitals. Many of the vaccine sites will offer times on nights and weekends, so parents can take their children to get vaccinated after work and after school. We’ve also been working with governors, mayors, and local school leaders to bring vaccines to schools. As of today, more than 6,000 school clinics have already been planned in school districts around the country. These efforts will also ensure equity.

That is a center of our children’s vaccination program as it has been the vaccination program for adults. We’re making vaccines available at hundreds of community health centers, rural health clinics, and thousands of pharmacies in schools in our hardest hit communities. And we’re sending out mobile units to reach where the people are.

The bottom line is, we’ve been planning and preparing for months to vaccinate our children. Our program will be ramping up this week and more doses shipped out each day so that we are fully up and running by next week. Now, I know many parents have been anxiously waiting for this day, but I also know that some families might have questions.

So trusted messengers, like your pediatricians, family doctors, will be able to answer your questions, talk to parents about the importance of getting their kids vaccinated and put your mind at ease. We will also be raising awareness and encourage parents to get their children vaccinated from our level. That’s what we’ve been doing since day one of my administration, and we’re going to do everything we can to make these vaccines easily available and raise awareness of the importance of getting vaccinated.

So parents of children, ages five and older, please get them vaccinated. Because here’s the deal, children make up one quarter of the cases in this country. And while rare, children can get very sick from COVID 19, and some can end up, few, end up hospitalized, but they don’t have to. This vaccine is safe and effective. So get your children vaccinated to protect themselves, to protect others, and to stop to spread, and to help us beat this pandemic.

Today, I also want to speak to America’s seniors. While everyone is at risk of getting COVID 19, the evidence is overwhelming that older Americans are still by far the most vulnerable to getting the sickest. And boosters add an important layer of protection. Booster shots are free and effective, and every senior should get one, it’s important. Seniors are eligible to get your booster shot six months after you’ve been fully vaccinated.

So six months. If you got your second shot before May the first, you are eligible to get the booster right now. And I’ve made it clear, we have ample supply boosters. And thanks to our planning and preparation, our booster program is off to a very strong start. Over 20 million Americans have now received a booster.

In fact, in just six weeks, we’ve already gotten boosters to about half the eligible seniors who received the Pfizer vaccine. Nearly half of the eligible seniors in just six weeks. It took nearly 11 weeks to get half of all seniors their first shot for when that program was launched back in December of 2020, just during the prior administration.

So this is a strong pace towards seniors, if you’re eligible, get your booster now. I’ll conclude with this, vaccines for children, ages five to 11, and boosters, provide additional protection for seniors and others, are two major steps forward that are going to accelerate our path out of this pandemic.

And this brings me to where we are and where we’re going to go from here. Since early September, cases and hospitalizations are down now more than 50%. And over the past two weeks, cases and hospitalizations are falling in approximately 40 states. A year ago, we had no vaccines. Just this week, we hit an important milestone. 80% of adults have at least one shot. That’s four out of every five adults.

And for our seniors over 95% have gotten at least one shot. Overall, 193 million Americans are fully vaccinated, up from just 2 million the day I was sworn in. Over 20 million have enhanced protections from boosters. And we’re now down from 100 to about 60 million un-vaccinated Americans, 12 years and older. And I’m proud to say black and brown adults and native Americans have gotten vaccinated at the same rate as white adults. And one more thing, our vaccination program is not only helping us save lives and beat the pandemic.

It’s helping our economic recovery and helping us grow. In the three months before I came to office, the economy was stagnant, creating only 60,000 jobs a month. Since I’ve taken office, it’s now averaging 600,000 new jobs every month; that’s the average. And one more thing, vaccinating our children will help us keep our schools open. Keep our kids in the classroom, learning, socializing with their classmates and teachers.

I think every reporter in this room who has a child understands the difference a child going to school and having to learn from home. It matters. It matters in terms of their not just physical health and mental health. During this pandemic, we’ve seen just how important being in school is for families and for our country. A year ago, we were headed into a Thanksgiving where public health experts were advising against traveling or gathering with family and friends.

Last Thanksgiving, for the first time, just four of us, my wife and I, our daughter, and my son-in-law. Later this month, our tables and our hearts are going to be filled thanks to the vaccines. We’ve made incredible progress over these past nine months, but we have to keep going.

The pandemic is not yet behind us, but we’re getting there. So please, please do your part. If you know someone who’s not vaccinated, encourage them to get vaccinated. And folks, folks who haven’t gotten vaccinated yet, please get vaccinated. It’s easy. It’s accessible and it’s free. Get vaccinated. You can do this. God bless you all. And I’ll take a few questions. . I’m start all the way at the end.

You’re not all the way at the end, but that’s okay. You’re up.

Well, look yesterday reminded me of that one of the sacred rights we have is to be able to go out and cast our votes. And remember that we all have an obligation to accept the legitimacy of these elections. I was talking to Terry to congratulate today. He got 600,000 more votes than any Democrat ever has gotten.

We vote out every Democrat about there was more votes that ever has been cast for a democratic incumbent. Not incumbent, a Democrat running for governor. And no governor in Virginia has everyone, when he is of the same, or he or she’s the same party as the sitting president.

What I do know is, I do know that people want us to get things done. They want us to get things done. And that’s why I’m continuing to push very hard for the Democratic Party to move along and pass my Infrastructure Bill and my Build Back Better Bill. I think if we… Look, think about what we’re talking about here.

People are upset and uncertain about a lot of things; from COVID, to school, to jobs, to a whole range of things, and the cost of a gallon of gasoline. And so if I’m able to pass, sign in the law, my Build Back Better initiative, I’m in a position where you’re going to see a lot of those things ameliorated; quickly and swiftly. So this has to be done. .

Well, I think it should have passed before election day, but I’m not sure that I would be able to have changed the number of very conservative folks who turned out in the red districts who were Trump voters, but maybe, maybe.

No, I know we did, but we also, I was running against Donald Trump.

Well, I think we should produce for the American people. Look, one of the things that is important to understand if they pass my legislation, we’re going to be able to reduce the price. People are going to see a reduction in the price of the drugs they have to get because Medicare will be able to negotiate and lower the price of drugs.

If they pass my legislation, you’re going to see that nobody, and some of you who have children in daycare, or children in childcare, you’re paying up to $14,000 a year if you live here, you will never have to pay that much money, if you live in Washington or wherever you live. No more than 7% of your income. They’re going to see that they’ll get tax breaks, on genuine tax breaks.

If that’s Trump, tell him I’m busy. Bad joke, but anyway. But, the point is that we have to move and make it that what we’ve done is increasing their… Look, people need a little breathing room. They’re overwhelmed. And what happened was I think we have to just produce results for them to change their standard of living, and give them a little more breathing room.

Well, I think that the whole answer is just to speak the truth, lay out where we are. Look, I’m convinced that if you look at everything from my view on criminal justice system, to my view on equal opportunity, to my view on economic issues, and all the things I have and what I’ve been pushing in legislation, each of the elements are overwhelmingly popular. We have to speak to them though.

We have to speak to them and explain them. Look, I just think people are at a point, and it’s understandable, where there’s a whole lot of confusion. Everything from, are you ever going to get COVID under control? To, are my kids going to be in school? Are they going to be able to stay in school? To, whether or not I’m going to get a tax break that allows me to be able to pay for the needs of my kids and my family. And they’re all things that I’m running on, will run on. And I think we’ll do fine.

This ought be good.

If you guys keep sending that garbage out, yeah. But it’s not true.

Yeah.

$450,000 per person. Is that what you’re saying?

That’s not going to happen.

Well, the reason I mention Trump, I didn’t count the times, is because the issues he supports are affecting their lives every day. And there a negative impact on their lives in my view. Thank you all very much.Mr. President, Mr. Secretary General, my fellow delegates, to all those who dedicate themselves to this noble mission of this institution. It’s my honor to speak to you for the first time as president of the United States. We meet this year in a moment of intermingled with great pain and extraordinary possibility. We’ve lost so much to this devastating pandemic that continues to claim lives around the world and impact so much on our existence. We’re mourning more than 4.5 million people, people of every nation, from every background. Each death is an individual heartbreak, but our shared grief is a poignant reminder that our collective future will hinge on our ability to recognize our common humanity and to act together.

Ladies and gentlemen, this is the clear and urgent choice that we face here at the dawning of what must be a decisive decade for our world. A decade that will quite literally determine our futures. As a global community, we’re challenged by urgent and looming crises, and where in lie enormous opportunities if we can summon the will and resolve to seize these opportunities. Will we work together to save lives, defeat COVID-19 everywhere and take the necessary steps to prepare ourselves for the next pandemic, for there will be another one? Or will we fail to harness the tools at our disposal as more virulent, dangerous variants take hold?

Will we meet the threat of the challenging climate we’re all feeling already ravaging every part of our world with extreme weather, or will we suffer the merciless march of ever worsening droughts and floods, more intense fires and hurricanes, longer heat waves and rising seas? Will we affirm and uphold the human dignity and human rights under which nations in common cause more than seven decades ago formed this institution? Will we apply and strengthen the core tenants of the international system, including the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as we seek to shape the emergence of new technologies and deter new threats. Or will we allow those universal principles to be trampled and twisted in the pursuit of naked political power?

In my view, how we answer these questions in this moment, whether we choose to fight for our shared future or not, will reverberate for generations yet to come. Simply put, we stand in my view at an inflection point in history. And I’m here today to share with you how the United States intends to work with partners and allies to answer these questions. And the commitment of my new administration helped lead the world toward a more peaceful, prosperous future for all people.

Instead of continuing to fight the wars of the past, we are fixing our eyes on devoting our resources of the challenges that hold the keys to our collective future. Ending this pandemic, addressing the climate crisis, managing the shifts in global power dynamics, shaping the rules of the world on vital issues like trade, cyber, and emerging technologies and facing the threat of terrorism as it stands today.

We’ve ended 20 years of conflict in Afghanistan. And as we close this period of relentless war, we’re opening a new era of relentless diplomacy, of using the power of our development aid to invest in new ways of lifting people up around the world, of renewing and defending democracy, proving that no matter how challenging or how complex the problems we’re going to face, government by and for the people is still the best way to deliver for all of our people.

And as the United States turns our focus to the priorities and the regions of the world, like the Indo-Pacific that are most consequential today and tomorrow, we’ll do so with our allies and partners through cooperation and multilateral institutions like the United Nations to amplify our collective strength and speed, our progress toward dealing with these global challenges. It is the fundamental truth of the 21st century within each of our countries and as a global community, that our own success is bound up in other succeeding as well. To deliver for our own people, we must also engage deeply with the rest of the world to ensure that our own future, we must work together with other partners, our partners toward a shared future. Our security, our prosperity, and our very freedoms are interconnected in my view as never before. And so, I believe we must work together as never before.

Over the last eight months, I prioritized rebuilding our alliances, revitalizing our partnerships, and recognizing they’re essential and central to America’s enduring security and prosperity. We have reaffirmed our sacred NATO Alliance to article five commitment. We’re working with our allies toward a new strategic concept that will help our alliance better take on the evolving threats of today and tomorrow. We renewed our engagement with the European Union, a fundamental partner in tackling the full range of significant issues facing our world today. We elevated the quad partnership among Australia, India, Japan, and the United States to take on challenges ranging from health security, to climate, to emerging technologies.

We’re engaging with regional institutions from  to the African Union to the Organization of American States, to focus on people’s urgent needs for better health and better economic outcomes. We’re back at the table in international forums, especially the United Nations to focus attention and dispar global action on shared challenges.

We are reengaged at the World Health Organization and working in close partnership with Kovacs to deliver life-saving vaccines around the world. We rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement and we’re running to retake a seat in the Human Rights Council next year at the UN. And as the United States seeks to rally the world action, we will lead not just through the example of our power, but God willing with the power of our example. Make no mistake. The United States will continue to defend ourselves, our allies, and our interest against attack, including terrorist threats, as we prepare to use force, if any is necessary. But to defend our vital US national interest, including against ongoing and imminent threats. But the mission must be clear and achievable. Undertaken with informed consent of the American people. And whenever possible, in partnership with our allies. US military power must be our tool of last resort. Not our first. It should not be used as an answer to every problem we see around the world. Indeed, today, many of our greatest concerns cannot be solved or even addressed through the force of arms. Bombs and bullets cannot-

… through the force of arms. Bombs and bullets cannot defend against COVID-19 or its future variants. To fight this pandemic, we need a collective act of science and political will. We need to act now to get shots and arms as fast as possible, and expand access to oxygen, tests, treatments to save lives around the world. And for the future, we need to create a new mechanism to finance global health security that builds on our existing development assistance and a global health threat council that is armed with the tools we need to monitor and identify emerging pandemics so that we can take immediate action.

Already the United States has put more than $15 billion toward the global COVID response. We’ve shipped more than 160 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine to other countries. This includes 130 million doses from our own supply and the first tranches of the half a billion doses of Pfizer vaccine, we purchased to donate through COVAX. Planes carrying vaccines from the United States have already landed in 100 countries, bringing people all over the world, a little dose of hope as one American nurse termed it to me. A dose of hope direct from the American people and importantly, no strings attached.

And tomorrow at the US hosted Global COVID-19 Summit, I’ll be announcing additional commitments as we seek to advance the fight against COVID-19 and hold ourselves accountable around specific targets on three key challenges. Saving lives now, vaccinating the world, and building back better. This year has also brought widespread death and devastation from the borderless climate crisis. The extreme weather events that we have seen in every part of the world, and you all know it and feel it represent what the Secretary General has rightly called code red for humanity.

And the scientists and experts are telling us that we’re fast approaching a point of no return in a literal sense. To keep within our reach the vital goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, every nation needs to bring their highest possible ambitions to the table when we meet in Glasgow for COP26. And then to have to keep raising our collective ambition over time.

In April, I announced the United States ambitious new goal under the Paris Agreement. To reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the United States by 50 to 52% below 2005 levels by 2030, as we work toward achieving the clean energy economy with net zero emissions by 2050. And my administration’s working closely with our Congress to make critical investments in green infrastructure and electric vehicles will help us lock in progress at home toward our climate goals. And the best part is making these ambitious investments isn’t just good climate policy, it’s a chance for each of our countries to invest in ourselves and our own future.

It’s an enormous opportunity to create good paying jobs for workers in each of our countries and to spur long-term economic growth that will improve the quality of life for all of our people. We also have to support the countries and people that will be hit the hardest and that have the fewest resources to help them adapt. In April, I announced that United States will double our public international financing to help developing nations tackle the climate crisis. And today, I’m proud to announce that we’ll work with the Congress to double that number again, including for adaptation efforts.

This will make the United States leader in public climate finance, and with our added support together with increased private capital from other donors, we’ll be able to meet the goal of mobilizing $100 billion to support climate action in developing nations. As we deal with these crises, we’re also encountering a new era. An era of new technologies and possibilities that have potential to release and reshape every aspect of human existence. And it’s up to all of us to determine whether these technologies are forced to empower people or to deepen repression.

As new technologies continue to evolve, we’ll work together with our democratic partners to ensure that new advances in areas from biotechnology to quantum computing, 5G, artificial intelligence, and more are used to lift people up, to solve problems and advance human freedom, not to suppress dissent or target minority communities. And the United States tends to make a profound investment in research and innovation, working with countries at all stages of economic development to develop new tools and technologies to help us tackle the challenges of this second quarter of the 21st century and beyond.

We’re hardening our critical infrastructure against cyber attacks, disrupting ransomware networks and working to establish clear rules of the road for all nations, as it relates to cyberspace. We reserve the right to respond decisively to cyber attacks that threaten our people, our allies, or our interest. We will pursue new rules of global trade and economic growth to strive a level of playing field. So it’s not artificially tipped in favor of any one country at the expense of others. And every nation has the right and opportunity to compete fairly.

We will strive to ensure that basic labor rights, environmental safeguards, and intellectual property are protected, and that the benefits of globalization are shared broadly throughout all our societies. We’ll continue to uphold the long-standing rules and norms that have formed the guardrails of international engagement for decades that have been essential to the development of nations around the world. Bedrock commitments, like freedom of navigation, adherence to international laws and treaties, support for arms control measures to reduce the risk and enhance transparency.

Our approach is firmly around it and fully consistent with the United Nation’s mission and the values we’ve agreed to when we drafted this charter. These are commitments we all made, and that we’re all bound to uphold. And as we strive to deal with these urgent challenges, whether they’re long-standing or newly emerging, we must also deal with one another. All of the major powers of the world have a duty, in my view, to carefully manage their relationships. So they do not tip from responsible competition to conflict.

The United States will compete and we will compete vigorously and lead with our values and our strength. We’ll stand up for our allies and our friends and oppose attempts by stronger countries to dominate weaker ones, whether through changes to territory by force, economic coercion or technical exploitation or disinformation, but we’re not seeking, say it again, we are not seeking a new cold war or a world divided into rigid blocks. The United States is ready to work with any nation that steps up and pursues peaceful resolution to share challenges even if we have intense disagreements in…

Even if we have intense disagreement in other areas, because we’ll all suffer the consequences of our failure, if we do not come together to address the urgent threats like COVID-19 and climate change or enduring threats like nuclear proliferation. The United States remains committed for ready to preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Where are working with the P5+1 to engage Iran diplomatically, and to seek a return to JCPOA. We’re prepared to return to full compliance if Iran does the same.

Similarly, we seek serious and sustained diplomacy to pursue the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. We seek concrete progress toward an available plan with tangible commitments that would increase stability on the peninsula and in the region, as well as improve the lives of the people in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.

We must also remain vigilant to the threat of terror, that terrorism poses to all our nations. Whether emanating from distant regions of the world, or in our own backyard. We know the bitter string of terrorism. The bitter sting of terrorism is real. We’ve almost all experienced it.

Last month, we lost 13 American heroes and almost 200 innocent Afghan civilians in a heinous terrorist attack at Kabul airport. Those who commit acts of terrorism against us will continue to find a determined enemy in the United States. The world today is not the world of 2001 though, and the United States is not the same country we were when we were attacked on 9/11, 20 years ago. Today, we’re better equipped to detect, to prevent terrorist threats and we are more resilient in our ability to repel them and to respond. We know how to build effective partnerships to dismantle terrorist networks by targeting their financing and support systems, countering their propaganda, preventing their travel as well as disrupting imminent attacks. We’ll meet terrorist threats that arise today and the future with a full range of tools available to us, including working in cooperation with local partners so that we need not be so reliant on large scale military deployments.

One of the most important ways we can effectively enhance security and reduce violence is by seeking to improve the lives of the people all over the world, who see that their governments are not serving their needs. Corruption fuels inequality, siphons off a nation’s resources, spreads across borders and generates human suffering. It’s nothing less than a national security threat in the 21st century. Around the world, we’re increasingly seeing citizens demonstrate their discontent. Seeing the wealthy and well connected grow richer and richer, taking payoffs and bribes, operating above the law while the vast majority of the people struggle to find a job or put food on the table or to get their businesses off the ground, or simply send their children to school. People have taken to the streets in every region to demand that their governments address people’s basic needs, give everyone a fair shot to succeed and protect their God-given rights.

And in that chorus of voices, across languages and continents, we hear a common cry. A cry for dignity, simple dignity. As leaders, it’s our duty to answer that call, not to silence it. The United States has committed to using our resources and our international platform to support these voices, listen to them, partner with them, to find ways to respond that advance human dignity around the world. For example, there’s an enormous need for infrastructure in developing countries. With infrastructure that is low quality or that feeds corruption or exacerbates environmental degradation, may only end up contributing to greater challenges for countries over time. Done the right way, however, with transparent, sustainable investment in projects that respond to the country’s needs and engage their local workers to maintain high labor and environmental standards, infrastructure can be a strong foundation that allows societies in low and middle income countries to grow and to prosper. That’s the idea behind the Build Back Better world. And together with the private sector and our G7 partners, we aim to mobilize hundreds of billions of dollars in infrastructure investment. We will also continue to be the world’s largest contributor to humanitarian assistance, bringing food, water, shelter, emergency healthcare, and other vital life-saving aid to millions of people in need. When the earthquake strikes, the typhoon rages or disaster anywhere in the world, the United States shows up, we’ll be ready to help. And at a time when nearly one in three people globally do not have access to adequate food, adequate food just last year, the United States is committing to rallying our partners to address immediate malnutrition and to ensure that we can sustainably feed the world for the decades to come. To that end, the United States is making a $10 billion commitment to end hunger and invest in food systems at home and abroad.

Since 2000, the United States government has provided more than $140 billion to advance health and strengthen health systems. And we will continue our leadership to drive these vital investments to make people’s lives better every single day, just give them a little breathing room.

And as we strive to make lives better, we must work with renewed purpose to end the conflicts that are driving so much pain and hurt around the world. We must redouble our diplomacy and commit to political negotiations, not violence, as a tool of first resort, to manage tensions around the world. We must seek a future of greater peace and security for all people of the Middle East.

The commitment of the United States Digital Securities, without question, are our support for an independent Jewish state is unequivocal, but I continue to believe that a two-state solution is the best way to ensure Israel’s future as a Jewish democratic state, living in peace, alongside of viable sovereign and democratic Palestinian state. We’re a long way from that goal at this moment, but we must never allow ourselves to give up on the possibility of progress.

We cannot give up on solving raging civil conflicts, including in Ethiopia and Yemen, who are fighting between warring parties is driving famine, horrific violence, human rights violations against civilians, including an unconscionable use of rape, as a weapon of war. We’ll continue to work with the international community, to press for peace and bring an end to this suffering.

As we pursue diplomacy across the board, the United States will champion the democratic values that go to the very heart of who we are as a nation and a people. Freedom, equality, opportunity, and a belief in the universal rights of all people. It’s stamped into our DNA as a nation and critically it’s stamped into the DNA of this institution, the United States, we sometimes forget. To quote the opening words of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, quote, “The equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the …

…All members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice, and peace in the world. The founding ethos of the United Nations places the rights of individuals at the center of our system, and that clarity and vision must not be ignored or misinterpreted. The United States will do our part, but we’ll be more successful and more impactful if all of our nations are working toward the full mission to which we are called. That’s why more than 100 nations united around a shared statement, and the Security Council adopted a resolution outlining how we’ll support the people of Afghanistan moving forward, laying out the expectations to which we’ll hold the Taliban when it comes to respecting universal human rights. We all must advocate for the rights of women and girls to use their full talents, to contribute economically, politically, and socially, and pursue their dreams free of violence and intimidation, from Central America to the Middle East to Africa to Afghanistan, wherever it appears in the world. We all must call out and condemn the targeting and oppression of racial, ethnic, and religious minorities, whether it occurs in Xinjiang or northern Ethiopia or anywhere in the world. We all must defend the rights of LGBTQI individuals so they can live and love openly without fear, whether it’s Chechnya or Cameroon or anywhere. As we steer our nations toward this inflection point and work to meet today’s fast-moving, cross-cutting challenges, let me be clear. I am not agnostic about the future we want for the world. The future will belong to those who embrace human dignity, not trample it. The future will belong to those who unleash the potential of their people, not those who stifle it. The future will belong to those who give their people the ability to breathe free, not those who seek to suffocate their people with an iron hand. The authoritarians of the world may seek to proclaim the end of the age of democracy, but they’re wrong. The truth is, the democratic world is everywhere. It lives in anti-corruption activists, human rights defenders, the journalists, the peace protesters, on the front lines of this struggle in Belarus, Burma, Syria, Cuba, Venezuela, and everywhere in between. It lives in the brave women of Sudan who withstood violence and oppression to push a genocidal dictator from power and who keep working every day to defend their democratic progress. It lives in the proud Moldovans who helped deliver a landslide victory for the forces of democracy with a mandate to fight graft to build a more inclusive economy. It lives in the young people of Zambia who harnessed the power of their vote for the first time, turning out in record numbers to denounce corruption and chart a new path for their country.

And while no democracy is perfect, including the United States, we’ll continue to struggle to live up to the highest ideals to heal our divisions, and we face down violence and insurrection. Democracy remains the best tool we have to unleash our full human potential. My fellow leaders, this is the moment where we must prove ourselves the equals of those who come before us, who with vision and values and determined faith in our collective future built our United Nations, broke the cycle of war and destruction, and laid the foundations for more than seven decades of relative peace and growing global prosperity. Now we must again come together to affirm the inherent humanity that unites us is much greater than any outward divisions or disagreements. We must choose to do more than we think we can do alone, so that we accomplish what we must together.

Ending this pandemic and making sure we’re better prepared for the next one; staving off climactic climate change and increasing our resilience to the impacts we already are seeing; ensuring a future where technologies are the vital tool to solving human challenges and empowering human potential, not a source of greater strife and repression. These are the challenges that will determine what the world looks like for our children and our grandchildren and what they’ll inherit. We can only meet them by looking to the future. I stand here today, for the first time in 20 years, the United States is not at war. We’ve turned the page. All the unmatched strength, energy, and commitment, will and resources of our nation, are now fully and squarely focused on what’s ahead of us, not what was behind.

I know this; as we look ahead, we will lead. We will lead on all the greatest challenges of our time, from COVID to climate, peace and security, human dignity and human rights, but we will not go it alone. We will lead together, with our allies and partners, in cooperation with all those who believe as we do, that this is within our power to meet these challenges, to build a future that lifts all of our people and preserves this planet. But none of this is inevitable. It’s a choice. And I can tell you where America stands. We will choose to build a better future. We, you and I, we have the will and capacity to make it better. Ladies and gentlemen, we cannot afford to waste any more time. Let’s get to work. Let’s make our better future now. We can do this. It’s within our power and capacity. Thank you. God bless you all.Thanks, . I wish I were here under different circumstances, but you really took a hit. New Jersey took a hit. Parts of my state as well, but New Jersey and New York in particular. I want to begin by thanking Senator Booker for all the work he’s doing in the Senate trying to get this infrastructure and the things we have to do to not just build back, but build back better than it was before. I want to thank Representative Watson. Now, am I in your district, or am I in … I’m in Tommy’s district.

In the moment. Okay. We’re right on the line.

Yeah, I think that’s true. You also have one of the best state police forces in the nation. I’m a big  guy, and so is Delaware. But thank you very much for all you do. Look. To the local officials, the mayors and the county commissioner, you really get hit first. They come to you first. They want to know what’s going on, what you can do to help them. In some cases, even with search and rescue, you have some of the least reach in terms of the availability of resources.

The one thing I will say, and I really want to thank my FEMA director. She’s done one thing that … and we had a great FEMA director in the past as well. That makes it work. When you get local, state, and federal working together, it is more than three times. It’s like ten times what it would be just having one moving, and the losses that we witnessed today are profound, dozens of lost lives, homes destroyed in Manville, including by gas leaks triggered by the flooding, damaged infrastructure, including the rail system. My thoughts are with all those families affected by the storms and all those families that have lost someone they love, and understand there’s still two … Is it two people missing or …

Four people still missing, and I especially want to thank … It’s an overused phrase, but the brave first responders who have exemplified the courage, both in New Jersey and next door in New York. They’ve done an incredible job, and working closely with Governor Murphy, we’re going to continue to do so. I’m here to see firsthand what the damage is and find out directly from you all what is most needed. Look, FEMA has been, I hope, as responsive as we’ve intended them to be. I’m sure they have. 132 personnel from FEMA so far, including federal search and rescue teams, including 60 individuals, incident management assistant teams of 20 people to support these response operations, and mobile emergency response support teams, six of them, to provide communication and logistics support.

On Sunday, when we spoke to the governor and he asked for the major disaster declaration, we made it available immediately so that we could speed federal assistance as quickly as we could to hard-hit communities. FEMA administrators were on the ground here in New Jersey yesterday, I believe, to assess the damage. He’s visited two communities, Mullica Hills and Winona, hit by the tornado that was on the ground. For over 13 miles, that was on the ground, that tornado, those tornadoes. HHS secretaries work with the state to make sure folks on Medicare and Medicaid get the emergency care they need now, and we’re going to make sure the relief is equitable so that those hardest hit get what they need. We know there’s a lot more to do, and that’s why we’re here.

For decades, scientists have warned of extreme weather, it would be more extreme, and climate change was here. We’re living through it. Now we don’t have any more time. I’ve been on the telephone or on the road an awful lot between California, Idaho, New Orleans … Excuse me, not New Orleans, Louisiana, but New Orleans, Mississippi, and here. I mean, every part of the country, every part of the country is getting hit by extreme weather. We’re now living in real time what the country is going to look like and if we don’t do something. We can’t turn it back very much, but we can prevent it from getting worse.

So we’re all in this together, and we’ve got to make sure that we don’t leave any community behind. It’s all across the country. The members of Congress know from their colleagues in Congress that looks like a tornado, they don’t call them that anymore, that hit the crops and wetlands in the middle of the country in Iowa and Nevada. I mean, it’s just across the board. As I said, we’re in this together.

So one of the things that today I’m going to ask you about when we get into some question and answers here is about how we’re going to build back. We’re going to build back realizing what the status of the climate is now, what the trajectory of it is going to be, and we all know you can’t just build back to what it was before. Whatever damage done in New Jersey, you can’t build back and restore what it was before, because another tornado, another 10 inches of rain’s going to produce the same kind of results. So I want to talk a little bit about the specifics about the things you think you would need not just to get back to normal, but to get back to a place where if it happened again, the damage would be considerably less.

That’s what this is all about in my view. This is an opportunity. I think the country’s finally acknowledged the fact that global warming is real and it’s moving at an incredible pace. We’ve got to do something about it. I’m going to be going from here to the COP 29 in Glasgow for the world meeting together and how we’re going to deal with climate change. I think we’re at one of those inflection points where we either act or we’re going to be in real, real trouble. Our kids are going to be in real trouble. So I want to thank you, and I yield back to you, Governor.

It’s okay as long as you send the money.

Thank you, Shanel.

The best.

Thank all your troopers for us, too, for real.

Okay.It’s an honor and a pleasure to welcome President Zelensky to the White House, to the Oval Office.

As we celebrate 30 years of Ukrainian independence, the partnership between foundations goes stronger and it’s going to even become stronger than it has been.

Ukraine and the United States have a similar value system and the strong commitment to the fulfillment of a promise that we hope all will come forward, and that is a Europe whole, free, and at peace.

And the United States remains firmly committed to Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity in the face of Russian aggression and, and our support for Ukraine’s Euro Atlantic aspirations.

Today, we’re going to discuss how the U.S. can continue to support Ukraine as it advances its democratic reforms agenda and moment toward it completely integrated in Europe.

We’re revitalizing the Strategic Partnership Commission between our nations, and we’re also creating a new strategic defense framework and a new $60 million security systems package.

As well as a new energy and climate dialogue to help Ukraine diversify its energy supplies while supporting our climate goals relating to global warming.

And of course, we’ll talk about our ongoing fight against COVID-19 and the United States has donated 2.2 million vaccines to Ukraine through COVAX, and we’re going to continue to work to provide more as well.

We have much to talk about, and I still remember the opportunity that I had to speak to Volodymyr years ago, and I look forward to being able to come back someday to see you.

Mr President.

Thank you. We have much to talk about.

Thank you all very much. , please, please, please, please. Thank you, . Please sit down, thank you. Nothing to it, is there Jocelyn? Just walking in and stand on the podium and speaking in the White House. Nothing to it. You did a great job. Thank you, thank you.

Before I really began. I want to say that I think one of the biggest things that’s changed is my dear mother, God bless her soul used to say, “Out of everything bad, something good will come if you look hard enough for it.” I think one of the good things that has come out of this God awful crisis regarding COVID is ordinary people who never thought about the technician at the drugstore, never thought about the grocery store workers, never thought about what that firefighter has to do when they go in. They don’t ask, “Do you have COVID or not?” Never thought about the people who keep this country up and running before.

I really mean this sincerely. It’s not a political, it’s a reality. And I think people went, “Whoa. Whoa.” And instead of which was a good thing, banging pots and pans, when people came back from rescuing other folks, I think they began to realize, this is part of the deal. And to use my dad’s expression and I mean it sincerely, and a few of you knew my dad. He said, “Everyone’s entitled to be treated with dignity.” And that’s what the labor unit is all about, dignity. It provides dignity for people who deserve to be treated differently. And I want to thank Jocelyn and I want to thank President Schuller, Madam President. I know you didn’t expect to be in this role at this moment, but as I told you before, I believe that the future of American labor is in very good hands, I really mean it. Thank you.

Want to welcome everyone to the White House, and I really mean that. This is your house. It’s not hyperbole, it’s a fact, this is your house. I wouldn’t be here without you. That’s again, not hyperbole. In my White House, you’ll always be welcome, you’ll always be welcome. Labor will always be welcome. You’ve heard me say many times I intend to be the most pro union president leading the most pro union administration in American history. But I think one of the reasons I’m able to do that is the public is changing too, you’ve change the public. You’ve educated them a lot. I want to thank the dues paying members of the labors, Marty Walls, who’s helped me make sure that we keep the commitments across our entire government. And before I go any further, I’d like to pause for a moment of silence.  hundreds of union workers and essential workers who have died from COVID-19 and honor a buddy, John Sweeney, who we lost earlier this year, and to honor truly dear friend, Rich Chunk. A moment of silence, please.

Thank you. This is real. One of the things I admired about Richard is that he understood what people was the economy really facing. He like most of you, felt it in his bones. He understood what had happened to workers in this country, like you do. I’ve got to know a lot of you really, really well. You just feel it, you taste it, you understand it. I get  by my staff for all these years. And I say, I trust the person most who arrives at the right decision when it starts in their gut, goes to their heart. And then they have the ability to articulate it because it goes to the brain. They’re the ones that never back down. They’re the ones that stay with you. The ones who arrive at intellectually are the ones that are the ones that first … I welcome that, but they’re not the ones who will stay to the end.

And Rich understood the past and the challenges like so many of you who’ve lived and led through these moments, but he also understood the future. I think he understood who built this country and the tools that were needed to build it back and build it back better. You’ve heard me say it a hundred times. We’re the only country in the world that goes into a crisis and when we come out of it, we’re stronger than we were before we went in it, that’s by building back better. We’re going to build back better, we have to, we must, we will, because that’s who we are. That’s what America is. On Labor Day, we honor the dignity of American worker. And every day we remember that America wasn’t built by Wall Street. They’re not all bad folks on wall street, and I’m not suggesting that. But they didn’t build America. It was built by the middle class and unions built the middle class.

You gave workers a voice all the way back from my great grandfather, Blewitt, who was a mining engineer. Back to the days of the Molly McGuire and all the way folks were treated in Northeast Pennsylvania in the coal mines. You gave people a voice. Molly McGuire’s, they were a little tougher. You gave him a hard time, you ended up on the doorstep in a bag. But think about it, one of the basic things … My dad used to say, “We just ought to give people an ability to just be able to take a deep breath, have a little bit of breathing room.” And what are those things? Well, healthcare, a pension, God-willing, higher wages with a safer workplace that protects us against discrimination and harassment. That’s not asking too much. We fundamentally transformed how we live and how we work in this country.

The reason we have is because of the victories won by labor. I’m going to be a bit repetitive, the eight hour a day, a weekend, time and a half for overtime, safety standards, sick days, victories for all of us. Because I might add, I noticed when you all do that, Everybody benefits, whether they belong to a union or not. When unions win, workers across the board win, that’s a fact. Families win, community wins, America wins, we grow. And despite this, workers have been getting cut out of the deal for too long a time.

From 1948, after the war to 1979, productivity in America increased by more than 100%, while the pay for American workers grew by nearly 100%. And then along came 1979 and everything began to change. Productivity in the country has grown almost four times faster than pay since 1979. That means the workers have been given much more for their employers bottom lines than they’ve gotten back in their paychecks, breaking the basic bargain of this country. The bargain was if you work hard and you contribute to the welfare of the outfit you work with, you got to share the benefits. Well, that stopped for a long time. So you’re going to carve out your piece of the middle-class and make it a possibility. That’s what got taken away for a lot of people. Instead, some people started seeing the stock market and corporate profits and executive pay as the only measure for economic growth. By the way, the stock market has gone up exponentially since I’ve been president, you haven’t heard me say a word about it. I’m glad it’s gone up, no problem.

Look, let me tell you something. My measure of economic success is how families like mine growing up, working families, busting their neck, how they’re doing, whether they have a little breathing room, whether they have a job that delivers some dignity, a paycheck that can support a family on. The economy in my administration is building. Instead of workers competing with each other for the jobs that are scarce, everybody’s mad at me because now guess what? Employers are competing to attract workers. Having to raise pay. I’m serious, think about it. That kind of competition in the market helps workers earn higher wages, but also gives them the power to demand dignity and respect in the workplace. Simply put, worker power is essential to building our economy back better than before, it’s just that basic. To counter corporate power, to grow the economy from the bottom up and the middle out.

I’m so tired of trickle down. I ask, “When has the middle class done better that the wealthy haven’t done incredibly well?” I can’t think of a time that when the middle-class is booming and moving, everybody does well. And to give workers even more power, I also signed an executive order to improve competition in economy, including calling for a ban on non-compete agreements that deny workers the right to change the job in the same field, even when there’s no real reason for company to stop them. It was all about suppressing wages, that’s what it was about. When Congress passed the 1935 Labor Relations Act, it didn’t just say you can have unions, should be allowed. That’s how it’s kind of viewed for a long time. It said that we, the government should encourage unions and collective bargaining, making it easier. That’s what it said.

I believe every worker should have a free and fair choice to join a union. The law guarantees that choice. That belongs to the workers, not to their employers or to special interests. That’s why signing an executive order, creating a White House task force on worker organizing and employment, to facilitate that choice whenever and wherever we can. Look, I want to thank Vice President Harris and Secretary Walsh Marty for leading that task force. That’s why I want to see Congress pass the Pro Act and send it to my desk immediately. That’s why I want us to extend organizing the collective bargaining rights to state and local government employees like transit workers, first responders, healthcare workers, and other essential workers. And guess what? The public seems to agree with that as well. Government should never be a barrier to workers organizing, it’s government’s job to remove those barriers, but it’s up to workers to make the choice whether to organize or not, whether the former union or not.

And we need to help them understand why that can be the right choice for them. We know the economic reasons, union members get higher wages, better benefits like health insurance, and paid leave, protection against discrimination and harassment and safer and healthier work place. But there’s another reason, a basic American reason, workers who join unions gain power, power over the decisions and the decision makers that affect their lives. Worker’s voices are heard and heeded. In a simple word, a union means there is democracy. Organizing joining a union, that’s democracy in action. And it’s about dignity on the job, but it’s also about creating good jobs. When I came to office, our first job was to stop the economic bleeding and it was the worst bleeding since Roosevelt. We passed the American Rescue Plan, that delivered shots in arms and checks in pockets and provided that extra breathing room for working families. It help state and cities keep essential workers on the job, including educators, police officers, firefighters, sanitation workers, and thanks to the part of the Rescue Plan named for Ohio laborer Butch Lewis, over a million retirees and workers across the country.

They can trust that the pensions they work for and sacrificed  will be there for them. With a bipartisan agreement we reached to rebuild America’s infrastructure, we’re going to put in hundreds of thousands of people to work, including plumbers, pipe fitters, electrical workers, steel workers, so many other union workers. Modernizing roads, bridges, water system, broadband system, capping abandoned oil and gas wells that are leaking over 100,000 on them making the same salary as digging that well. It creates jobs for American workers, it makes our cities and towns more resilient and better able to meet the climate crisis. And to keep those jobs here at home, when your government spends the taxpayer’s dollar, it’s going to bind American goods, made in America by American workers.

Look, over the years, the Buy America Act became a hollow promise. It’s been there for a long time. I’m going to make it a reality. The next stop is dealing with the ability to pass the rest of my Build Back Better agenda. Once in a generation investments in our people, making housing more affordable, bringing down the cost of prescription drugs by giving Medicare the power to negotiate for lower prices, you ought to thank Bernie Sanders for a lot of this. Making elder care and childcare more affordable, while improving the pay for home care workers and childcare workers. Providing paid family leave and medical leave so that no worker is forced to choose between their job and their caregiving responsibilities.

You’ve all fought for all these things. We got to make them available to everybody. Provide two years of free university high quality pre-K and high quality pre-K two years that are needed. It shows that if you send a kid to school at age three, four, and five, they increased by 56% the possibility they have no matter what the background, that they’ll go through school all 12 years and do well. And when I asked in the Obama administration, I was asked to find out from the CEOs of the Fortune 500, what they most wanted, what they most needed, what was their greatest concern. And don’t hold me to the exact number, 348 or 47, I can’t remember the number we got to, said the single most important thing is they needed a better educated public, but guess what? They weren’t paying for it.

And guess what? Does anybody think if we were starting off from scratch setting up public education, we’d say 12 years is enough for the 21st century? So look, we have to invest in high quality job training and apprenticeships in fast-growing sectors. Compete to give middle-class families well-deserved tax cut for daycare and healthcare and provide a significant monthly tax cut for working families with children. That’s what it is. Everybody talks about my child tax credit, it is a tax cut for ordinary folks, that’s what it is. And part of that, I want us to see us finally, finally, provide dreamers TPS recipients, gives essential workers a pathway to citizenship, bringing them out of the shadows so they can receive the protection and representation that our laws and our unions provide.

Folks, we’re making progress. Our economy has added 750,000 jobs a month on average during the past three months since I’ve been here. There are more than four million jobs since I took office. In the first half of this year, our economy grew at the fastest rate in 40 years, unemployment is down, my Build Back Better investments are going to allow us to keep in progress and move further in the years to come. Just want to add one more thought in closing. While the pandemic has prevented me from traveling as much as I’d like, I’ve had a chance to meet with many of your brothers and sisters, and many of you, the proud UAW members, building cars and trucks in Pennsylvania and Michigan, and noting that the big three have decided that along with the support of those unions, going electric, so we own that market.

Steel workers in Portsmouth, Virginia, longshoreman and firefighters in Columbus, ASMI workers in Allentown, IBW workers and iron workers and nurses and grocery store workers in Cincinnati, plumbers and gas fitters in Maryland, AFT teachers in Virginia. And by the way, of course I sleep with an NDA member every night, same woman.

Same one. Jill had her first day of full-time teaching yesterday. This year’s back to school. And look, I’ve talked with union transit workers, machinist, laborers, welders in Wisconsin. We’ve had Teamsters here in the White House and always the Teamsters always had my back. And last week, I met with the first responders in New Orleans. And on Monday I dropped by some of the IBW linemen in Delaware, helping recover from Hurricane Ida. If the last year has taught us anything, it’s what’s essential. And what’s essential is you. Not a joke. You and your union members. Wall Street could go on strike, but all of a sudden, in the middle of this Ida, every IBW member resigned, we’d be in real trouble. I say that to make a generic point. I think we significantly underestimate, and I think even you guys sometimes underestimate the incredible value you bring to the safety, security, and growth of the economy.

You’re America’s heart and America’s soul, and we all need to fight as hard for them and work as hard for them as we can. And I want to say the press was very, very … Not just the press, a lot of people were very, very skeptical that when I was talking about what we had to deal with the environment that labor would never help. Well guess what? Labor’s the reason it’s working, labor stepped up, because you all understand. And I made a promise and I’ll keep it. That what we’re talking about here is when you think of global warming, you think of jobs, jobs, all the jobs we’re going to create, making us once again, the fastest growing, we are now, the most competitive economy in the world.

So folks, you do it all. I’m sorry to go on so long, but I can’t thank you enough for all you’ve done for the country and what you’ve done for me over my career. You’ve educated me, you brought me along and you’ve always been there. Now, I’m supposed to stop and walk out of the room here. I’m going to stop, but with your permission, I’m going to walk into the room because I want to stay a little. Thank you.Please, please be seated. I feel like we have a quorum in the house. I missed the quorums.

Vice President Harris, honored guests, I want to thank you all for being here. Secretary McDonough, thank you for your work to ensure that the VA provides world class care and support for those who board the battle. In a moment, I’m going to have the honor of signing into law four bills that the women and men in this room had written and gotten passed, bipartisan bills, to honor one truly sacred obligation we have as a nation. We have many obligations, but we only have one truly sacred obligation, mind you. And that is prepare those we send into harms way care for their families when they’re gone and care for them and their families when they’re home. And that’s a lifetime commitment. A lifetime commitment the nation owes to every one of our veterans. And it’s one that I embrace as Commander in Chief. For me, for Jill, and for the entire Biden family, it’s also personal. And it’s a commitment that we are helping to keep today because the leadership of the women and men in this room.

The first bill I will sign requires the government accounting office to assess whether there are disparities associated with race and ethnicity when it comes to VA benefits and disability ratings. The weapons of war and the nature of injuries they inflict don’t differentiate based on race. And the type of disabilities our veterans carry with them don’t differentiate based on race. So the claims approved and the benefits delivered should not differentiate either. We’ve heard from veterans of color, who will upon returning home from their service are treated differently from white veterans. This bill will help us understand how this happened, keep better records, expose the facts to the light of day, and allow us to do the necessary work making sure that all of our nation veterans, all of them, are treated with equal dignity and equal equality throughout their entire time with the consideration being no different for based on race.

And I want to thank and congratulate Senator Warnock, who’s here in the room who has such a, has been a moral leader in the U.S. Senate since he got here and leading on this issue. As well as Representative Takano, who has done yeoman’s work at House.

The second bill I’ll sign is the Hire Veterans Health Heroes Act. I want to thank Senator Hassen and Senator Braun and Representatives Rice and Latta for their work to help veterans find a way to continue to serve their country. In 2019, the inspector general of the VA reported that staff shortages are one of the causes of the many problems we face in veterans care. And at the same time with our military, there are nearly 200,000 dedicated, well trained workers in nearly every area of healthcare, doctors, nurses, pharmacists, technicians, and physical therapists. They understand the health challenges our women and men in uniform face. 1,000 or actually 13,000 of them are separated from active duty every single year. And we can do more by helping the separated service members with backgrounds in healthcare, continue their work in healthcare in the federal government at places like the VA.

This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to create a program, to recruit military medical personnel who have less than a year left in their service to work in federal healthcare occupations. This new program will build upon existing efforts to create a pipeline for former military health professionals, for both our veterans and our military medical personnel. Service isn’t just what they do, it’s who they are. This bill’s going to allow those professionals to continue their service to each other and our nation.

And the third bill I will sign is the Colonel John M. McHugh Tuition Fairness and Survivors Act. For so many of our service members, their service to us is also about building a better life for themselves and for their families. And part of keeping our commitment to them means helping survivors get the education they need and to fulfill their dreams. This law ensures that surviving spouses and children of veterans, who access the survivors independence education assistance program are eligible for in-state tuition, wherever they choose to go to school, whether they live in that state or not. I want to recognize Senator Tester and Moran, Representatives Trone and Moore for their work they’ve done on this bill.

I also want to recognize the very special guest Kelly McHugh-Stewart. Kelly. Where are you? Kelly, thank you for being here. Thank you for being here. And she is the daughter of Colonel John M. McHugh for being here today. I want to thank her. Kelly, your dad was an American hero. But he wasn’t the only one in the family who’s a hero. Your work to share your story, to advocate for other surviving families and to turn loss into progress and understanding is heroic as well. So we thank you for it. Really. Thank you personally.

The final bill I’ll sign today is the Protecting Moms who Served Act. In the Senate was championed by Tammy Duckworth, a mom, a veteran, a Senator, and Senator Susan Collins. This also was one of the pet projects that the vice president had when she was the United States Senator and sticks with her. I don’t know how many times I’ve heard about what we have to do and she’s right. In the House it was championed by a former nurse represented Lauren Underwood and Representative Bilirakis. And our country continues to have the highest maternal mortality rates in the developed world, which is hard. It’s just, especially among black and Native American women.

For many years, Vice President Harris has led the fight to address this tragedy, maternal mortality in our nation. Represented in the Senator and reflected in our build back better framework and our investments in maternal health. We’re going to help expand and diversify the maternal health workforce improved maternal mental health and bolster community based programs, train providers, enhanced research, and ensure maternal care is coordinated.

As we continue that work, we recognize that women veterans, and there are more than a half a million women veterans in this country under the age of 40. They face additional maternal health challenges. They frequently have other health risks that can complicate pregnancy. For example, expecting moms with physical disabilities or with mental illness are much more likely to experience pregnancy related complications and have their children prematurely. This bill will commission a comprehensive study of maternal health challenges facing veterans and will invest in maternal care coordination programs at the VA. It’s an important step in making sure we meet the needs of American mothers who have served.

Earlier this month, I commemorated Veterans Day at Arlington National Cemetery. On that solemn day, we lay a wreath and renew our oath. But keeping faith with American veterans requires much more than lane wreaths or making more oaths. It requires acts that’s as you’ve done today, all of you, acts. That’s why I’m so proud to sign these bills. May God bless you and may God protect our troops and their families. And now I’d like to invite the folks to the stage as I sign the first bill. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Okay. Well, we… I want to tell you all I only have one pen. So-

No, you’re all going to get a pen, but I only got one with me today. I couldn’t figure out how to pick 50 of them up here, but thank you. All right.

Congratulations. All right. Here we go. Government accountability office study on disparities associated with race and ethnicity, with respect to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Well sort of. All right.

Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. My mother would say you’re doing God’s work. Thanks. Thank you.

Hey Pat, how are you, buddy?

Good to see you. Hey, big John. You’re going to be here all through noon.

Good to see you.

Love you. How you doing? Family good?

Okay. Dennis, hi, everybody. How are you? Good to see you. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here we go. You ready?

Okay. Thank. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Well it means a lot to everybody. You did what you did. Seriously. You should be very proud. You got some great allies with you.

When you got big John Tester behind you, .

All right. Here we go. Men title… Well, I’m not going to read it all. I just sign it. All right.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Keep the faith. Okay. I’m going to sign the last bill here in a moment. When folks get the right folks are up here. Protecting… Tammy.

God love you. How you doing?

You are good. You did it.

Hey, it’s good to see you, man. Tester blocks out the sunlight.

He sure does.

Now the last bill Protecting Moms Who Served Act of 2021. All right, here we go. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I’m just going to give you this pen.

You said you’re going to do this.

You did.

How are you?

Well, I tell you what, whatever she tells me, she’s going to do. I just say yes.

Great.Hello folks. Please, sit. I want to thank… You can take these off while we’re speaking. I want to thank our participants that are here as well as those who are on Zoom. And this is to state the obvious important and important get together. And I’m going to make some brief comments, maybe ask a few questions, and then we’ll yield and go down the road here and maybe we can, all of us both virtually as well as in person here, we can hopefully make some progress. I want to thank the secretary of treasury, Secretary Yellen, Commerce Secretary Raimondo, I see her on the screen there, it’s good to see you, and the leaders of some of America’s most important businesses and institutions, the American Association of Retired Persons, the AARP, Bank of America, Citibank, Deloitte, Intel, JP Morgan, NASDAQ, the National Association of Realtors and  for joining me today to talk about the need to raise the debt limit. We haven’t failed to do that since our inception as a country. We need to act.

These leaders know the need to act. The United States pays its bills. It’s who we are, it’s who we’ve been, it’s who we’re going to continue to be, God-willing. That’s what’s called the full faith and credit, the United States. Let me be clear, raising the debt limit is paying our old debts. It has nothing to do with new spending or what may be coming this year or other years. It has nothing to do with my plans on infrastructure, of building back better, both of which are paid for but they’re not even in the queue right now. It’s about paying for what we owe and preventing a catastrophic event occurring in our economy.

I’m glad these leaders are here to talk about the real world impact this is going to have on people and on our position in the world. Today’s discussion won’t be partisan, it shouldn’t be. Raising the debt limit is usually bi-partisan. Let me speak for myself here. I want to be clear so the American people understand what’s going on. There’s a Senate vote today to raise the debt limit. Traditionally, it needs only 50 votes. We were informed by our Republican friends that they had…

…  by our Republican friends that they had to be all Democrat votes, they weren’t going to help. Said, okay, we’ll provide 50 votes. The definition and the Democrats, we have the votes. The Democrats are willing to step up and stop this economic catastrophe if Senate Republicans will just get out of the way. But our Senate Republican friends are planning to block the vote to raise the debt limit by using the procedural power called the filibuster. To say that in plain English, it means you have to have 60 votes when there’s a filibuster, 60 votes, a super majority instead of 50 to get anything done. It’s not right and it’s dangerous. The reason we have to raise the debt limit is in part because of the policies of the previous administration which incurred nearly $8 trillion in bills in four years, some of which Democrats voted for. More than a quarter of all the debt now outstanding. We had to raise the debt limit three times when Donald Trump was president, and the Republicans moved to raise it each time, and each time the Democrats supported the effort to raise the debt. But now, Republicans won’t raise the debt limit despite being responsible for what the debt limit, why it has to be raised, for the bills that are outstanding. They won’t raise it enough, then we’re going to be defaulting on a debt that would lead to self-inflicted wounds that risk the market tanking and wiping out retirement savings and costing jobs. Defaulting on the debt, which Secretary Yellen said could happen at any day after October the 18th, that’s when we run out of money, means that social security benefits will stop, salaries to service members will stop, benefits to veterans will stop and much more.

The failure to raise the debt will undermine the safety of the United States Treasury securities, threaten the reserve status of the dollar as the world currency that the world relies on, downgrade America’s credit rating, and result in a rise in interest rates for families, talking about mortgages, auto loans, credit cards. My friends, and they are many of my friends, the Senate Republicans position I find to be not only hypocritical but dangerous and a bit disgraceful, especially as we’re crawling our way out of a pandemic that cost America 700,000 lives thus far, and we’re still battling it. Our markets are rattled, America’s savings are on the line. The American people, your savings, your pocketbook are directly impacted by this stunt. It doesn’t have to be this way. My Republican friends need to stop playing Russian roulette with the US economy. If they don’t want to do the job, just get out of the way. We’ll take the heat, we’ll do it. We will do it. Let us do it.

Let the Democrats vote to raise the debt limit without obstruction or any further delays. House Democrats have already passed the bill that would do that, raise the debt limit and keep the government functioning. It’s sitting in the United States Senate right now where Democrats with no help from Republicans have the votes today to pass the debt limit. The path Republicans offer would take us right to the brink and cause a reparable economic damage in my view. So let’s vote and end this mess today. That’s the only way to eliminate the uncertainty and risk that will remain for American families and our economy if we don’t.

Over more than 200 years, America’s built this hard earned reputation of the strongest, safest, and most secure investment in the world. And that’s why the United States is the financial rock the world looks to and trusts. Now in one cynical destructive partisan ploy, just for politics, our Republican friends are teetering on the brink here. They’re threatening to boot that all away. Now it’s a meteor headed to crash into our economy. We should all want to stop it, stop it immediately. This shouldn’t be partisan, and I’m thankful for the leaders who share the urgency on why we need to act and we need to act now. Many of them are here with me. Not next week, now. Look forward to hearing from their perspectives and we’ll now get this meeting started with my colleagues permission.

I’d like to start off if I may with a question for Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi. By the way, congratulations on your award. You run one of the largest banks in America and what impacts are you seeing or do you think you’ll see from this obstruction? What does it mean for the small businesses and everyday people if we renege on the debt here?

Well, thank you, and you make a very good point that we’re, God willing, I think we’re just about to begin to turn the corner again on the pandemic. And an awful lot of small businesses, tens of thousands of them, have acquired significant debt. We provided significant relief as well, but it’s just an incredibly complicating feature. I’d like now, with her permission, I’d like to ask Adena Friedman, the CEO of NASDAQ, whether she’d be willing to give us her thoughts. And thank you for taking the time, Miss Friedman, to talk to us.

Let me ask you the DEFCON 10 question. If we don’t, we default even for a day or two, what do you think the impact on the market will be?

What does that do to people’s retirement accounts?

Well, thank you. I don’t mean thank you for the result, but thank you for explaining to people who are watching us how consequential this is. I see our old buddy, Jamie Dimon up there at JP Morgan. Jamie, excuse me for calling you Jamie. Mr. CEO, it’s good to see you. Why from your perspective do we need to raise the debt limit immediately before October 18th?

Well, I’m glad you raised that last point. Because when I got back from the G7 and subsequently with a number of virtual meetings with my colleagues and heads of state, I know Brian Moynihan knows about this as well. We are not only being measured in terms of our strength and our reliability based upon the size of our military and/or the physical strength that we possess, but it’s on whether or not we can function. There’s a great debate going on and I’m not exaggerating this. All of you deal internationally.

There’s a great debate going on whether or not in the 21st century, in the second quarter of the 21st century can democracies function with things moving so rapidly? And I can tell you a couple of the folks I’ve spent a lot of time with of late, Mr. Putin and Mr. Xi Jinping, they really believe that autocracies are the only way forward because they can act quickly and decisively. It’s not a joke. And we’re seeing effects of this around the world. And I don’t know. It’s understandable why the average American wouldn’t understand what the consequences of this will be for American security and the willingness of other countries to follow our lead.

We have always led the world, not just by the example of our power, but the power of our example. And that’s going to be called in to severe question. I mean, for real, for real and has consequences that are real. Jamie, what does further delay mean for a company like yours and the family you serve, even if we just go on right up to the brink?

Well, I thank you. We’re going to get to everybody, but I’m going to yield to the director of the Office of Public Engagement, former chairman of the Black Caucus in Congress, Cedric Richmond. Cedric.… You are. There you are. You did, Mary. You electrified the entire automobile industry. I’m serious. You led and it matters and drastically improving the climate by reducing hundreds of millions of barrels of oil that will not be used when we’re all electric. Up until now, China’s been leading in this race, but that’s about to change. Because of this law, next year, for the first time in 20 years, which American infrastructure investment will be far greater than China’s. The first time in 20 years. We’re going to would IBW members and other union members to work installing the national network of charging stations, along our roads and highways in our communities over 500,000. Governor Whitmer has already announced a proposal to expand electric charging stations along key travel routes across the state. A few weeks ago, GM announced it’s going to install 40,000 public charging stations, as we’re going to unleash a lot more than that.

Look, we’re going to make sure that the jobs of the future end up here in Michigan, not halfway around the world. That means that here in Detroit, you’re going to set a new pace for electric vehicles. This is not hyperbole, this is a fact. With this infrastructure law, along with my Build Back Better plan, we’re going to kickstart new batteries, materials and parts production, and recycling. Boosting the manufacturing of clean vehicles with new loans and new tax credits, creating new purchase incentives for consumers to buy American-made, union-made, clean vehicles like the electric Hummer. Folks, or the Silverado or any other the 20 or more vehicles that GM’s going to come out with in the near term that are electric.

Spurring demand by covering federal government’s enormous fleet of vehicles is what I’m going to do. I pledge when I ran, we have hundreds, we have thousands and thousands of vehicles in the federal fleet. They’re going to all go electric, all of them, down the road. Supporting electric transit systems, electric school buses. Of course, that’s not all the law will achieve. This law’s going to start to replace 100% of the nation’s lead pipes and service lines. As I stated earlier, every child in Michigan and across America can turn on the faucet and drink clean water. Ten million homes have those lead pipes going in, and 400,000 schools. Tens of thousands of plumbers and pipe fitters are going to get to work and good paying jobs and help make the nations healthier.

Folks, and there’s an additional $10 billion nationwide to eliminate the dangerous forever chemical PFAS, which is an incredibly dangerous chemical. Look, this law is going to make high speed internet affordable and available everywhere in America, create jobs laying down that broadband line. Today, 14% of Michigan households don’t have an internet subscription, nearly 400,000 people in the state. A lot of places, there’s no broadband infrastructure at all. This law is going to make high speed internet affordable available everywhere in Michigan. Urban, suburban, rural, going to create jobs laying down broadband lines. The 21st century in America, no parent should have to do what a lot of you did, and they did in my state and all over America, should ever have to sit in a parking lot of a fast food restaurant again, just so their child can use the internet coming from that fast food restaurant. This is the United States of America for God’s sake.

This law makes the most significant investment in roads and bridges in 70 years. Fixing so many of those 1,200 bridges, 7,300 miles of roads here in Michigan that are in poor condition. When a family drives the car you built right here, they’ll be a whole lot safer and they’ll get there a hell of a lot faster. The law, includes the most significant investment in passenger rail in the past 50 years. Again, in public transit ever. I remember Mayor Duggan is not here, he’s on a honeymoon, he’s a good guy, love Duggan. He helped pull this city out of a real tough spot. He used to talk about we … I found out, I didn’t know it beforehand, that we didn’t have most of the jobs were outside the city, significant 60% of the people had jobs out the city.

Didn’t have vehicles to get out. Didn’t have cars to get outside the city. We provided buses, transit, and guess what? Things began to change. Well, now we’re going to change that again, here in Michigan. That means we placing nearly one fifth of the transit vehicles that are past their useful life. It means jobs for folks making the upgrades, good paying union jobs. Jobs you can raise a family on. Jobs you can’t outsource. Folks, this law will modernize our airports, freight rail, our ports along the Great Lakes, making it easy for companies to get goods to market, reducing supply chain bottlenecks and lowering costs for families. This law also builds up our resilience against extreme weather events. Here in Michigan, you know the cost of extreme weather. You remember the flooding this summer that shut down parts of I-75 and I-95, the power outages and tornado warnings.

They are costing this state billions of dollars. Nationally, last year, listen to this. Nationally, last year, the extreme weather cost the United States of America $99 billion, $99 billion from hurricanes in Louisiana, to 20 inches of rain in the Northeast, to fires in the west that literally consume more land than the entire state of New Jersey from Cape May to New York. That’s how much has burned to the ground. This law builds back our bridges, our water systems, our power lines, our electric grid better and stronger. So few Americans would be flooded out of their homes or lose power for days and weeks at a time when a storm hits. This bill also rewards companies for paying a decent wage, for buying American, sourcing their products right here in America, not abroad. This will help the United States export clean energy technology, including electric vehicles made here in Michigan to the entire world.

There’s so much more in this law, but most of all, this law does something truly historic. This law is going to help rebuild the backbone of this nation. When I ran for office, I said there were three reasons I . One, to restore the soul of this country, decency. Two, to restore the backbone of this country. Working class and middle class folks, they’d be the ones that build America. Three, to unite the country. To rebuild the economy from the bottom up in the middle out is the way I look at the world. The blue collar, this is a blue collar blueprint to rebuild America and leaves no one behind. The same goes from my Build Back Better plan. It’s for our people. If you’re paying, for example, 14 or $15,000 a year for childcare so you can work, a lot of families in America are doing that.

My Build Back Better plans are going to make it a gigantic difference in your life because childcare cost will be limited to 7% of your income, 7%. Look, my Build Back Better plan’s going to provide access to better education. One of the reasons we went ahead to the rest of the world at the turn of the 20th century is we were the first nation in the world that had universal education for 12 years. Not based on any background or income. That pushed us ahead, the rest of the world’s caught up and in many cases, past us. We were sitting down for the first time today and saying, we want a universal education in America. Would anybody say we’d only make it 12 years to compete in the 21st century? I don’t think so. What we’re doing, we’re going to make sure that every three and four-year old in America has access to quality preschool school, school, school, school.

By the way, all the data shows that’ll increase by 56%, the possibility of going through all the way through 12 years of school and onto after school, after high school. Young people graduating high school will have access to education beyond high school. We’re increasing Pell Grants for providing apprenticeship programs. We’re going to make a huge difference for those 2 million women in America who can’t get back into the workforce right now because they can’t afford childcare. Look, my Build Back Better plans are going to help solve that. If you’re one of the millions of Americans, who’s paying around $1,000 a month for your insulin, for example, my Build Back Better plan will make sure that we change that too, because it means that no one will pay more than $35 a month for their insulin.

Under my plan, we’re going to lower cost for prescription drugs across the board, allowing them to negotiate prices, lowering the cost of daycare, elder care, housing, healthcare, prescription drugs. That’s what the plan does. My plan meets the moment of climate change as well. One more thing it’s fully paid for. Fully, fully. It does not increase the deficit one single cent. As a matter of fact, it reduced the deficit, according to the experts. Again, no one in America earning less than $400,000 will pay a single penny more in federal taxes. No one. You’re going to say, “Well, how you doing that, Joe?” Well, I’ll tell you what, real simple. I come from the corporate capital of the world. More corporations incorporated in my state of Delaware than all states combined. Guess what? They ain’t paying enough. Sorry, Mary.

Here’s the deal. Look, I’m a capitalist. If you want, if you’re able to make a million or billion dollars, have at it, that’s good for everybody. Except pay your fair share. We have 55 corporation, 55 of the largest corporations in America. The most successful paid not a single penny in federal taxes the last several years. Guess what? They made $40 billion. I want them to make money. That’s good, but pay a little, pay a little. That’s how we pay for it. For real, it doesn’t cost a cent. We all talked to the programs $1.75 billion. Guess what? It’s paid for. Paid for and folks, from now on, they’re going to have to pay their fair share, not an exorbitant number, just a fair share.

Let me close with this. Throughout our history, we’ve emerged from previous crises stronger than we were before the crisis. One of the few nations in the world have done that. Every major crisis has occurred in American history. Every one, we’ve come out strong after it than before it happened, because we invested in ourselves. During and after the Civil War, we built the Transcontinental Railroad uniting us east and west, creating jobs and opening up America in a way it had never occurred before. During the Cold War, we built the interstate highway system, transforming how Americans live their lives, allowing us to spread out across the nation. Now, as we work to put the COVID-19 pandemic behind us, we will build an economy of the 21st century. It matters. On Monday, I held a virtual meeting for three and a half hours almost with President Xi Jinping of China. Years ago, when I was Vice President, I was in China with him. We were near the Tibetan plateau and we had over 25 hours of private meetings, me and an interpreter and he an interpreter.

We got to know one another. Well, guess what? He turned to me one day, this is God’s truth, my word as a Biden and said, “Can you define America for me?” I said, “Absolutely. In one word, possibilities. Possibilities.” We’re the only nation in the world that police everything within our . There’s nothing impossible, once we set our mind to it. It’s never been a good bet, as more world leaders had to hear me say, it’s never been a good bet to bet against America. Never. There’s no limit to what the American people can do. No limit to what our nation can do, because folks, and this is just not a political speech. I believe this a fact of history, no limit. Given half a chance, just half a chance, the American people have never, ever, ever, ever let the nation down. Never, because of this, this Michigan delegation.

This new law gives our people a chance, more than half a chance. We’re at an inflection point in world history. Things are changing, not just here, across the world. The question is, how do we respond to it? What do we do? I truly believe, and I’ve given my word as a Biden, I truly believe that 50 years from now, historians are going to look back at this moment, the last two years, and the next four or five years, and they’re going to determine whether or not that moment did America win the competition for the 21st century, or did we lose it? Because that’s where we are. All the pieces on the globe are changing, but we got to get back in the game, folks. We don’t have to hurt any other nation. We got to get back in the game now, because by the way, if we don’t get back in the game and able to do it, who else is going to deal with the crises in the Middle East?

Who else is going to deal with the Israeli/Palestinian issue? Who else is going to deal with all those issues that affects? Who else is going to be the nation that decides, that decides that we have to have a plan to deal with the next pandemic and lead the world, so we’re not where we are now? Because there will be others. Folks, I’m betting on America. I’m betting on American people. We got to focus on what made the nation great. I have no problem with people, the Wall Street bankers and others, fine, but they didn’t build America. The middle class built America and unions built the middle class. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Thank you, Kamala. Thank you all so very much. Mr. President. Harry, thank you for your stewardship. Here in the heart of the Capital of the United States of America, the tensions and the heat of the nation are vividly on display. Dr. King stands determined and brave, looking out at the promised land. Across the tidal basin stands another giant of our history, Thomas Jefferson, whose words declared the very idea of America, that we are all created equal, endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights. We’re all deserve to be treated equally throughout our lives. To state the obvious, and no audience knows it better than this one, we’ve never lived up to that idea, but we’ve never walked away from it fully. We’ve never walked away. In his sermon to the March in Washington, Dr. King called on all America to live up to the full meaning and promise of our Declaration of Independence.

And so I stand here in perpetuity, in timely and timeless conversation that inspires us and challenges us, reminds us how far we’ve come, where we need to go, and how much longer the journey is. It’s a conversation that shapes our days and that we must carry forward. Madam Vice President, Madam Speaker, Chair of the Black Caucus PD, congressional black caucus members, the moral foundation, leaders of faith and community, distinguished guests, from here, we see the ongoing push and pull between progress and struggle over the self-evident truths of our democracy. And in our nation, we now face an inflection point and the battle literal for the soul of America. And it’s up to us together to choose who we want to be and what we want to be. I know the progress does not come fast enough. It never has. And the process of governing is frustrating and sometimes disparaging. But I also know what’s possible if we keep the pressure up, if we never give up, if we keep the faith.

We’re at an inflection point. I know I’ve maybe overused that phrase, but it is an inflection point in American history, and delivering on economic justice. Or was the dignity of work that Dr. King was in Memphis on that fateful day in April, helping sanitation workers, not only for better pay and safer conditions, but to be granted more dignity as human beings. In our time, it’s about recognizing that for much too long. We’ve allowed a narrow and cramped view of the promise of America, a view that America’s a zero sum game, particularly of the recent past. If you succeed, I fail. If you get ahead, I fall behind. And maybe worst of all, if I can hold you down, I lift myself up, instead of what it should be,. And it’s just self-evident. If you do well, we all do well. That’s keeping the promise of America. I’ve never seen a time when working folks did well that the wealthy didn’t do very well.

Look, it’s the core of our administration’s economic vision and it’s a fundamental paradigm shift for this nation. For the first time in a couple generations, we’re going to be investing in working families, putting them first and helping them get ahead, rather than the wealthy and the biggest and most powerful people out there. We’re investing in Black families with rescue checks and tax cuts that reduce Black poverty by 34%, Black child poverty by more than 50%, this year. And we’re aggressively with the leadership of some of the people I’m looking at right now, combating housing discrimination to create a generation of wealth. How did every other person make it the middle class from a working class circumstance, just like my dad did? Build equity in a house. Granted, it was small. Granted, it wasn’t much, but it was enough to build a little equity. We’ll use the federal government’s purchasing power to unlock billions of dollars in new opportunities of minority owned small businesses and access to government contracts.

Is there any doubt that providing more people with just a little more breathing room to take care of their families, generate a little bit of wealth that they can pass on to their children, and create jobs in their communities would uplift the entire country, all the country, everyone? And as the economy recovers, we are determined and focused on rebuilding it over the long run. No one should have to hold their breath as they cross a rundown bridge to determine whether it’s safe enough, or a dangerous intersection in their hometown. A nation, every American, every child should be able to turn on a faucet and drink water that’s not contaminated by lead or anything else. As a nation, everyone should have access to affordable high speed internet. Gone the days when you have to pull up to a McDonald’s and sit in a parking lot with your child to do their homework when there’s virtual learning going on.

Dr. King said, “Of all the forms of inequity, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and most inhumane.” This is a once in a century pandemic that’s hit this country hard, and especially the African American community. It’s like you’ve all lost someone to the virus or know someone who has lost a loved one. One in 600 Black Americans have died from COVID-19, and it’s been reported that Black children more than twice as likely as white children to have lost a parent or a caregiver to COVID-19, to have to experience the trauma and loss. Many of my colleagues in the Congress are working on what we have to now work on even more fervently, and that is mental health care, helping people through the difficult periods we have.

It’s been devastating, but we can find purpose in pain. We can find purpose in this pain. Equity is the center of my administration’s COVID-19 response. The vaccination rates among Black adults is now essentially on par with white adults. The midst of this pandemic, we’re building an Affordable Care Act to extend coverage, to lower healthcare costs for millions of Black families. We’re also working to lower prescription drug costs by giving Medicare the power to negotiate lower prices. And how do you know the plan will work? Because the drug companies are spending millions od bucks to try to stop it. That’s how you know. Together, we’re making healthcare a right, not a privilege in this nation. And for the millions, the millions of you who feel financially squeezed in raising a child while caring for an aging parent, a so-called sandwich generation, want to elder care affordable accessible, so your aging loved ones can live with greater independence and dignity. We also want to make sure childcare costs for most families are cut at least in half.

No working family, if we get what you all are helping me get done, no working family in America will pay more than 7% of their income on childcare for any child under five. Want to give raises and millions of care workers and home workers so they can increase their capacity, increase their knowledge, increase their opportunities. Health workers and childcare workers are disproportionately women, women of color and immigrants, workers, like the ones Dr. King stood for when he marched and gave his life. Look, folks, just imagine, instead of consigning millions of our children to under-resourced schools, we gave every single child in America access to an education at age three and age four, quality preschool. We could afford to do this. We can’t afford not to do it. And we do know no matter what the background or circumstance a child comes from, when given that opportunity, they have a better than 58% chance to make it all the way through 12 years without getting themselves in trouble, and maybe going beyond that. This will change lives forever.

So will historic investments in higher education. Significantly increasing Pell grants to help millions of black students in lower income families attend community colleges and four year schools. I’ll tell you, let me be clear, in the shadow of the Morehouse men… I hear a lot about that guys. And with the Howard alumni, I keep making the case of excuses at point of personal privilege,  Senate. The best HBCU in the country is Delaware State. That’s where I got started. Come on. But here’s what we’ve done. In addition to putting the president of Delaware State, he used to work for, Doctor, in charge of all of this, we’re committed to nearly $5 billion this year in historic investments with more historically Black colleges, universities to make every single student, give him a shot at the good paying jobs. And you all know what I mean. But for anybody watching this, one of the problems is Black students and collegers used to have every single capability any other student does.

But guess what? Because they don’t have great endowments, they can’t compete for those government contracts are out there that the big schools are able to go out and get. Cyber security, for example, starting salary is 100, 125,000 bucks, but you don’t get to get that contract unless you have laboratories, unless you have the facilities you can in fact train on. We also know this about the promise of America. Economic injustice also means delivering environmental justice to communities on fence line communities, dividing homes and toxic areas. My state has one of the highest cancer rates in the history in America, because I lived in a fence line community called Claymont, Delaware. We used to get up in the morning, not a joke, when I get driven to the little school, I went up the street, turned on the windshield wiper in the fall of the first frost, and literally be an oil slick in the window. Not a joke. An oil slick in the window.

That’s why an awful lot of us, including me, have bronchial asthma. It means reducing pollution so our children can develop and avoid these consequences. Every one of you have an alley in your state. We call a cancer alley in our state going down Route 13. Look, it means building up our resilience through the climate crisis for the next extreme weather events. And these have been of biblical proportions, biblical proportions. 178 mile top winds in the hurricane down in Louisiana, more people dying in Queens in their basements because 20 inches of rain, they flooded and couldn’t get out of their basements. They drowned. Superstorms, droughts, wildfire, hurricanes. This is the for America, urban and rural and all across America, not just for any one area. And as we fight for economic justice to fulfill the promise of America for all Americans, the work continues on delivering equal justice under the law.

Look, I know the frustration we all feel, that more than one year after George Floyd’s murder and the conviction of his murderer about six months ago, meaningful police reform in George’s name is still not past Congress. I remember many times meeting with little daughter, and she’d say to me, “My daddy’s changing history. He’s going to change history.” But we haven’t fulfilled that yet. I understand, you got to keep fighting. Let me be clear though, we’re going to continue to fight for real police reform legislation. And the fight’s not anywhere near over. Despite Republican instruction, my administration is active. We’ve already announced changes in the federal law enforcement policies, a ban on choke holds, restriction on no knock warrants, requirements that federal agents wear and activate body cameras, ending Department of Justice use of private prisons, rescinding the previous administration’s guidance to US attorneys to require the harshest of penalties.

The Justice Department has open a pattern of practice investigation of systematic police misconduct and police departments in Phoenix, Louisville, and Minneapolis. Just because we can’t get it done in the states, we are not standing back, but we have much more to do. And these important steps, my administration also wants to advance some meaningful police reform that includes additional executive actions that live up to America’s promise of equal justice under the law. Our work continues to create a safer and stronger communities in critical ways. With my American Rescue Plan, and thank you and the Congress for supporting it, everybody forgets that was $1.9 trillion. We got a heck of a lot done with that, that it did so well, people don’t even know where it came from. Oh, I’m serious. Think about it. What’d you do for me lately? Well, we had $1.9 billion we took care of.

Well, we made historic investments in community policing and violence intervention programs. And we’re shown to reduce some of these programs reduce violence by 60%. We’re expanding summer programs and job opportunities and service and support to keep young people safe and out of trouble, helping formally incarcerated people successfully re-enter their communities. In the past, you get 25 bucks and a bus ticket. You go back right into the bridge you just were there before. You should have access to Pell grants. You should have access to the housing. You should have access to all the things. You paid your price, and we shouldn’t put you back in the spot where you have no options.

We’re also working to stem the flow of firearms from rogue gun dealers to curb the epidemic of gun violence. I know I get criticized for being the guy who passed this assault weapons ban. I’m proud of having passed the assault weapons ban. But here’s the deal. We heard Dr. King paraphrase Micah. He said, “Give us the ballot and we will place judges on the benches of the south who will do justly and love mercy.” Well, in just nine months, we’ve appointed more Black women to circuit courts and more former public defenders of events than any administration in all of American history, because of you. We’re going to change it.

We did it in a record time and we’re just getting started because all of you in the audience here, you’ve been the engine behind all of this. But we also know this. To make real the full promise America, we have to protect that fundamental right, the right to vote, the sacred right to vote. It’s democracy’s threshold liberty. With it, anything’s possible. Without it, nothing is. Today, the right to vote and the rule of all are under unrelenting assault from Republican governors, attorney’s general, secretary of state, state legislators, and they’re following my predecessor, the last president, into a deep, deep black hole and abyss. No, I really mean it. Think about it. This is what got me involved in civil rights as a kid when I was 26 years old. I loved reading about how Biden knew he was going to run for president. Hell, I didn’t know I was even going to be able to run for the county council. I didn’t even want to.

But look, this struggle is no longer just over who gets to vote or making it easier for eligible people to vote. It’s about who gets to count the votes, whether they should count at all. Jim Crow in the 21st century is now a sinister combination of voter suppression and election subversion. My fellow Americans, I thought at one point that I had been able to do something good as chairman of the judiciary committee. I was able to get every member of the committee, including some of the most conservative members that ever served, clearly who had racist backgrounds, to vote to extend the Voting Right Act for 25 years. I thought, “Whoa.” One of the proudest things I ever did as a Senator.

But guess what? This means that some state legislatures want to make it harder for you to vote. And if you do vote, they want to be able to tell you whether or not your vote counts. That’s not happened before. They want the ability to reject the final vote and ignore the will of the people, if they’re preferred candidate, Black or white or Asian or Latino, doesn’t matter, if that their candidate doesn’t win. And they’re targeting not just voters of color, as I said, but every voter who doesn’t vote the way they want. I have to admit to you, have been as a Senator my whole 36 year career involved in as I’ve worked with a lot of folks out here in civil rights issues, I thought, “Man, you can’t turn this back. I thought you could defeat hate. I thought we could actually defeat hate.”

But the most un-American thing that any of us can imagine, the most undemocratic and the most unpatriotic, and yet sadly not unprecedented, time and again, we’ve  the threats to the right to vote and free and fair elections come to fruition. Each time, we fought back, and we’ve got to continue to fight back today. I want to thank Martin Luther King III for leading marches on voting rights during the anniversary of the March on Washington on August 28th. The vice president and I and our colleagues here have spent our careers doing this work. It’s central to our administration. On the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, I directed each and every federal to promote access to voting from each agency heeding that call.

For example, the Department of Veterans Affairs, I asked them to make it easier for veterans and their families to register and to vote, at VA Facilities, so be open. In addition, the US Department of Justice has double the voting rights enforcement staff. We got a long way to go though. It’s using authorities to challenge the onslaught of state laws, undermining voting rights, whether in older new ways.

To something like 20% or half the Republicans, I am not your president. Donald Trump is still your president. As we Catholics say, “Oh my God.” But look, the focus is going to remain on discrimination and racial discriminatory laws, Georgia’s various new anti-voting laws. And let’s be clear about Georgia, Dr. King’s home state and the home state of someone who has literally stood in his shoes. I think some of you guys knew this next line was coming. That’s why you had the jets come up. Stood in his shoes as a Morehouse man. That’s what I keep getting from Cedric. Oh, anyway. And as a preacher in the pulpit of Ebeneezer.

United States Senator Rafael Warnock, the first Black Senator in Georgia’s history. Senator Warnock won his election in the battle of ideas. He earned the trust and confidence of a broad coalition of voters in Georgia. In response of Republicans of Georgia, what was it? It’s not try winning on the merits and ideas. It’s by changing the rules to make it harder for people to vote, deny the franchise. The Vice President has been leading our administration’s efforts and we’ve supported Democrats pressing to enact critical voting rights bills since day one of this administration, making sure we have unanimous support. But each and every time, the Senate Republicans block it by refusing even to talk about it. They’re afraid to even just debate the bills in the US Senate, as they did again yesterday, even on a bill that includes provisions that they’ve traditionally supported. It’s unfair, it’s unconscionable, and it’s un-American.

And this battle’s far from over. The door has not been closed. John Lewis Voting Right Act will soon come up for a vote, named after our dear friend we still miss dearly, but whose voice we hear every day in our hearts and our conscience. It’s a law that helped lead the reauthorization, as I said, for 25 years that I served in the Senate Judiciary Committee expanding the Voting Rights Act, traditionally received bipartisan support. We have to keep up the fight and get it done. And I know the moment we’re in. You know the moment we’re in. I know the stakes. You know the stakes. This is far from over.

And finally, we’re confronting the stains of what remains the deep stain in the soul of the nation, hate and white supremacy. There’s a tough through line of subjugation with slave people from our earliest days to the reigns of radicalized terror, the KKK, to Dr. King being assassinated. And though that that line continues to be the torches emerging from dark shadows in Charlottesville, carrying out Nazi banners and chanting antisemitic bile and Ku Klux Klan flags, and the violent, deadly insurrection on the Capitol nine months ago, it was about white supremacy in my view. The rise of hate crimes against Asian Americans during the pandemic and the rise of antisemitism here in America and around the world. The through line is that never goes away. In all the years I’ve been involved, I thought once we got through it, it would go away. But it doesn’t. It only hides. It only hides until some seeming legitimate person breathes some oxygen under the rocks where they’re hiding and gives us some breath.

I’ve said it before, and all my colleagues here know it. According to the United States Intelligence Community, domestic terrorism from white supremacists is the most lethal terrorist threat in the Homeland. To that end, our administration is carrying out the first ever comprehensive effort to tackle the threat posed by domestic terrorism, including white supremacy. We’re doing so by taking action and reduce online radicalism and recruitment to violence. We’re also disrupting networks that inspire violence and domestic terrorists by providing resources to communities to build resilience. We cannot and must not give hate any safe harbor, any safe harbor. My fellow Americans, standing here, I’m reminded of the goal of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, which Dr. King led, and I quote. He said his goal was to, “Redeem the soul of America.” That’s what’s at stake here, the soul of America.

And we know that it’s not the work of a single day or a single administration, or even a single generation. But here we stand with Dr. King. To show out of struggle, there’s progress. Out of despair, there’s hope. From the promise of equality and opportunity of jobs, justice, and freedom, we see Black excellence, American excellence, Black history as American history, and a defining source of the might of this nation. That’s why we’re here today, to renew our own courage, in the shadow and the light, on the shoulders of Dr. King, Curtis Scott King, and all those known and unknown who gave their whole souls to this work, the courage to confront wrong and to try to do right, the courage to heal the broken places of the nation, the courage to see America whole, to acknowledge where we fall short, to devote ourselves with the perfection of the union that we love and we must protect.

Fo, if we can summon the courage to do these things, we’ll have done our duty, honored our commitments, brought the dream of Dr. King just a little bit of closer to reality. It’s the highest of callings. It’s the most sacred of charges. And it’s what, with the help of God, we can do now. So let’s go forth from this sacred place, tumbling in turmoil with hope and promise of a nation always seeking, always thriving, always keeping the faith. Because, folks, I know my colleagues in the Senate used to always kid me for quoting Irish poets on the floor. They thought I did it because I was Irish. It’s not the reason. They’re just the best poets in the world. And I believe this to be true. There’s a line from a poem of The Cure of Troy, and says, “Once in a lifetime, that tidal wave of justice rises up and hope and history rhyme.” It’s not the whole quote. I won’t bore you at all, but hope and history rhyme.

I believe the American people, the vast majority are with us. I think they see much more clearly what you’ve all been fighting for your whole life now. It’s in stark relief. The bad news is we had a president who appealed to the prejudice. The good news is that he ripped the bandaid off, made it absolutely clear what’s at stake. And I think the American people will follow us. But guess what? Whether they will or not, we have no choice. We have to continue to fight. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops.Of course, millions of Americans got the Moderna and Johnson and Johnson vaccines. My message for you is this, you still have a high degree of protection. Our doctors and scientists are working day and night to analyze the data from those two organizations on whether and when you need a booster shot and we’ll provide updates for you as the process moves ahead. Again, the bottom line is if you’re fully vaccinated, you’re highly protected from severe illness, even if you get COVID-19. In fact, recent data indicates there’s only one confirmed positive case per 5,000 fully vaccinated Americans per day. You’re as safe as possible. You’re in good shape and we’re doing everything we can to keep it that way, which is where the booster comes in.

So let me be clear. Yes, we’ve made incredible progress in vaccinating Americans, with over 182 million people being fully vaccinated as of today, but this is a pandemic of the unvaccinated and it’s caused by the fact that despite Americans having an unprecedented and successful vaccination program, despite the fact that for almost five months free vaccines have been available in 80,000 locations, we still have over 70 million Americans who have failed to get a single shot and to make matters worse, there are elected officials actively working to undermine with false information the fight against COVID-19. This is totally unacceptable. The vast majority of Americans are doing the right thing. Three quarters of the eligible have gotten at least one shot, but one quarter has not gotten any and in a country as large as ours, that 25% minority can cause an awful lot of damage. And they are causing a lot of damage.

The unvaccinated overcrowd our hospitals, over running emergency rooms and intensive care units. Leaving no room for someone with a heart attack or a cancer operation needed to get the saving care because the places where they would get that care are crowded. They are not available. The unvaccinated also put our economy recovery at risk, causing unease in the economy and causing our needs around the kitchen table. I can imagine what’s going on in the conversations this morning and a lot of parents wondering what’s going to happen. What’s going to happen? Those who have been vaccinated, what’s going to happen? Potentially slowing economic growth, costing jobs.

The refusal has cost all of us. The refusal to get vaccinated has cost all of us and I’m moving forward with vaccination requirements wherever I can. These requirements will cover two thirds of all workers in America. And I’m pleased to see more businesses and organizations instituting their own vaccination requirements. I’ve had business leaders call me and thank me for setting the policies to allow them to do the same thing. They are able to do it, anyway, but it gives them the ability to move forward. We’re making progress. For example, United Airlines, which required vaccines about seven weeks ago, now has 97% of their employees vaccinated. Just four weeks ago, the Department of Defense required vaccinations for the military and already 92% of our active duty service members are vaccinated. And we’re on track to administer 24 million shots in arms in September.

So, please, do the right thing. Do the right thing. And I understand there’s a lot of misinformation you’ve been fed out there, but try to look through it, get to people you trust, the people who’ve been vaccinated. Ask them, ask them. So get vaccinated, but don’t just take it from me. Listen to the voices of the unvaccinated Americans who are lying in hospital beds, taking their final breath saying, and literally we’ve seen this on television, “If only I’d gotten vaccinated. If only, if only.” They’re leaving behind husbands and wives, small children, people who adore them. People are dying and will die who don’t have to die. It is not hyperbole to suggest it’s literally a tragedy. Please don’t let this become your tragedy. Get vaccinated. It can save your life, it can save the lives of those around you. You know, text your zip code to 438829, 438829 or visit vaccines.gov to find a vaccination location near you now.

Let me close with this. We also made so much progress during the past eight months in this pandemic and now we face a critical moment. We have the tools, we have the plan, we just have to finish the job together as one nation. And I know we can, I know we can.

God bless you all and please look out for your own self-interest and health here. Get vaccinated. May God protect our troops. Thank you.



ABC. Rachel Scott.

Of course I take responsibility, I’m president, but it was horrible what you saw. To see people treated like they did, horses nearly running them over and people being strapped. It’s outrageous. I promise you those people will pay. They will be… An investigation underway now, and there will be consequences. There will be consequences. It’s an embarrassment, but it’s beyond an embarrassment, it’s dangerous. It’s wrong. It sends the wrong message around the world. It sends the wrong message at home. It’s simply not who we are. Thank you.

Peter Alexander.

Remember I said it’s going to take me a year to deliver everything I’m looking at here. That’s number one. Number two, take a look at what I inherited when I came into office. When I came into office, the state of affairs and where we were. We had 4 million people vaccinated, we had no plan, I mean, I could go down the list. So, part of it is dealing with the panoply of things that were landed on my plate. I’m not complaining. It’s just a reality. It’s reality, number one. Number two, I think that part of what has to happen here as well, for example, let’s talk about my economic plan. The economic plan, you all are always, and understandably, legitimately citing polls. Every element of my economic plan is overwhelmingly popular, overwhelmingly popular, but the problem is with everything happening, not everybody knows what’s in that plan.

For example, all those women out there who are not able to go back to work because they have a dependent, a grandparent or a parent, or they have a dependent child who needs help or they can’t find daycare, or they can’t find a, I mean, look at what’s happening. Well, there’s a solution. There’s a solution in the proposal that I put forward and the plans we’re now debating among ourselves and they’re grading in Congress is the essence of the plan that I laid out in the beginning. And so I’m confident that at the end of the day, we’re going to be able to get that done.

The second point I’d like to make, we talk about price tags. It is zero price tag on the debt we’re paying we’re going to pay for everything we spend. So they say, it’s not, people understandably, “Well, you know, it started off at 6 trillion.,Now it’s 3.5 trillion, now it’s going to be 2.9.” It’s going to be zero, zero. Because in that plan that I put forward, and I said, from the outset, I said I’m running to change the dynamic of how the economy grows. I’m tired of trickle down. The trillionaires and billionaires are doing very, very well. You all know, you’ve all reported it, and in the middle of this crisis, but hardworking people and middle-class people are getting hurt. And so I provide for, for example, a tax cut. If you have a child, you get a refundable tax credit. It’s reduced hunger in America by 40%, literally for children. You have the whole notion of being able to provide for daycare for your children, getting people back to school, et cetera, it’s all paid for. It’s all paid for. But a lot of these are flat tax cuts that exist within my proposal and they’re being calculated as if the cost of the childcare tax credit is a cost to the government. It’s not, it’s reducing taxes. Reducing taxes, not increasing taxes.

Now, part of the problem is I had hoped, I hadn’t planned on, although I kind of anticipated might happen. I hadn’t planned on the 178 mile top winds, hurricanes going to Louisiana and 20 inches of rain in New York and New Jersey and, and an area as big as the state of New Jersey burning down in the west. And so what I had hoped I would be doing, but I do what I did in the campaign. I’d be out making the case about what my plan contained, and it’s been very much curtailed by a whole range of things.

And so I think that it’s understandable, I think it’s understandable, people being frustrated. I think they’re frustrated, as well, by the fact that not just members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, frustrated by I thought this was going to be better. I thought everything was working out. We were moving along on COVID-19 and now we have all these people who refuse to get a shot and now look at the people dying. Large numbers of people dying.

So I guess I think it’s a totally legit, obviously it’s a legitimate question you’ve asked, but I think putting it in context here, it’s going to take some time here and I know I always kid you when you all ask me about, “Well, what about, are you going to get A done, B done, C done?” Well, I say you want to negotiate. I’m being a bit facetious obviously, but here’s the deal. This is going to end up, I believe, we’re going to end up getting both the pieces of my economic legislation. The first piece, the 1.9, fundamentally change the structure and the nature of the economy in this country. Even though remember it got clobbered, it was this, all this terrible thing, no Republican voted for it. Well, we got real economic growth. Now we’re at this stalemate at the moment and we’re going to have to get these two pieces of legislation passed. Both need to be passed, and they’ll have a profound impact, according to not Joe Biden, but according to Wall Street, according to the IMF, according to international organizations. And then there’s, you know, I’m going to be having a meeting today with the quad, with the leader of India, Japan, and Australia and we’re going to be talking about Afghanistan, which is a legitimate thing for people to talk about.

But the truth of the matter is, the end of the day is, we were spending $300 million a day for 20 years. There is no easy way to end that and we’re now still getting people out, but it’s, really, there is no picture book way to say, “Okay, the war is ended, let’s get everybody out and we’ll go home.” No war’s ever ended that way other than there’s been a surrender and it’s a totally different circumstance.

So anyway, there’s a lot, I’m sure, along the line that there are things I could have done better, but I make no apologies for my proposals, how I’m proceeding and why I think by the end of the year, we’re going to be in a very different place.

Sure.

Well, I’m not sure how they’d get it, but-

Well, I think what’s going to happen is you’re going to see that in the near term where we’re probably going to open this up anyway. There’s constant, we’re looking at both Moderna and J and J and we’re both, as I said in the speech, in addition to that, we’re also looking to the time when we’re going to be able to expand the booster shots, basically, across the board. So I would just say it’d be better to wait your turn in line, wait in line, wait your turn and to get there.

Ken.

Yes, I do. Look, I support a lot of these proposals. We don’t need all the things I support to pay for this, but I do support that. Look, if you file a W2 form, the IRS has access to your bank account and your bank tells you how much you made, what you have in there, and they estimate your tax. Well, if you have no earned income and it’s all investment income, it’s hard to figure out what the hell, excuse me, what the heck you have. And that’s why we have to, and I know some people don’t like this, that’s why we have to rehire some IRS agents and not to do anything, not to try to make people pay something they don’t owe, just say, “Hey, step up, step up and pay like everybody else does.”

Look, I really mean this and if you look at at my whole career and I come from the corporate state of America. I just think it’s about just paying your fair share for Lord’s sake. Now, we can argue whether or not the corporate tax should go back up to 26.5% Or 28 or 24. But the idea that 50 major corporations in America making a sum total of $40 billion pays zero. Come on, come on. It’s just wrong, it’s just not fair. And I think it’s beginning to sink through the ether a little bit here on the part of people. So I think there clearly is enough from a panoply of options to pay for what ever it is that folks decide to pay for.

And let me finish by answering the initial part of your question, if I may. The way I look at it is, what I’ve been telling my colleagues, and it surprises them sometimes when we’re in those rooms, and I don’t know whether you heard, but both meetings went very well. I mean, they were collegial, there wasn’t, no one’s hollering, everybody’s, you know, and people were hanging out afterwards in the Oval and anyway, both the progressive’s as well as the moderates. And one of the things that I think is important, and I’m trying to get people to focus on, is what is it you like? What do you think we… Forget a number. What do you think we should be doing? Is it appropriate, in your view, to cut taxes for working class people, by providing for daycare, providing for early education three and four years old? Is it appropriate to do something about a free community college? Or do you want to means test it? And I’m telling them, “What are your priorities?”

And some of them, when they go through their priorities, it adds up to a number higher than they said they were for, because I think this is, we’re getting down to the hard spot here. People are having now to go in and look in detail as to what it is specifically they’re for. It’s a little bit like when we went through and I’ll end with this, there’s a little bit like when we went through the issue of the bipartisan deal on infrastructure. There were a lot of negotiations on that, and it wasn’t until people were forced to look at what are you for? Are you for taking care of that highway or bridge in your state or your region? Are you for doing something about environmental degradation? Are you for something that deals with allowing us to provide for monies to states so that they can, in fact, deal with things like what happened in states where the major utility lines come down? What do you do to build those back better to prevent that from happening?

And, and as sort of a… And you all speak to all these folks, so you speak to as many as I do, I find that they’re going, “Hmm, I’ve never really thought that through before. I think it makes sense.” And that’s how we finally got to a bipartisan deal on what is a serious infrastructure proposal that really does a number of things, including things where people said, “I don’t want to do anything on the environment.” Then they start thinking, “Well, wait a minute. I have all these diesel buses at home. It would be a hell of a lot better if we had electric buses that would change the circumstance on boom, boom, boom.”

So I think this is a process. That’s what I said at the front end, that although we got off to a very fast start with the first piece of legislation, I don’t expect this to be done and us being in a position where we can look back and say, “Okay, did we get it done?” Until basically the end of the year. I don’t mean the vote on the two pieces of legislation relating to the economy, but I think it’s just going to take some time. And look, you know, my guess is we all come from similar backgrounds. Remember you used to sit around the kitchen table in the morning if you had the chance to do that or dinner at night with your mom and dad and your brothers and sisters, what did people talk about? They talked about, “Are we going to be able to pay the mortgage?” At least my house.

I mean, “What’s going to happen if we have another one of those floods? And it blows through here, like it did in Queens, what’s going to happen? What am I going to do?”

“By the way, I don’t, I’m just not sure that I want my son or daughter to be going into school when so many people are not vaccinated.”

It’s just, “I’m not sure I want Kenny to be there doing this,” but these a practical things people are talking about, and they’re looking down the road and they’re looking at cost of living issues as well. And so what’s the cost of living issues? Well, it’s because we’re in a position where the ability to have the product, the elements of the production of a product that in fact need to go into the production of that product are hard to get ahold of because people are in trouble, they’re not able to produce them. They’re not able to get it, or they’re being hoarded. It’s like what we have with, and we’re making progress, but like what we’re doing with regard to making sure we have the computer chips to be able to keep, as in the vernacular, to keep, build automobiles.

I mean, I think everybody was kind of surprised when I… I think if I had said to you, I may be dead wrong, but if I had said to you in say April, that I was going to get all three major manufacturers of American automobiles saying they’re going to go electric, I doubt whether you’d have thought that could be done. Well, we’re out here in the back lawn. They’ve all of a sudden figured it out. They’ve had a bit of an epiphany and they’ve realized, “Whoa, wait a minute, man, China’s investing billions of dollars. China is getting battery technology. We’re going to build blah, blah, blah. And this is going to happen anyway.”

And again, I’ll just conclude by saying this is a process and it’s going to be up and down. That’s why I don’t look at the polls, not a joke, because it’s going to go up and it’s going to go down, it’s going to go up and hopefully at the end of the day, I’ll be able to deliver on what I said I would do. One, bringing the country together on a few and very important things like on infrastructure, getting us in a position where we can have some coherent policy relative for foreign policy, where there’s agreement, moving us in a position where we’re able to actually generate the kind of change in the dynamic of how we grow the economy. Not eliminate the super wealthy, not at all, but allow the working class and middle-class to be able to build out and up, and that can be done and, like I said, every time I hear, and I drive my staff crazy, every time I hear this is going to cost A, B, C or D, the truth is, based on the commitment that I made, it’s going to cost nothing, because we’re going to raise the revenue.

Raise the revenue to pay for the things we’re talking about, and we’re going to give, and right now, if you take a look at the reconciliation piece, a trillion dollars of that is tax cuts, not raising anybody’s taxes, it’s tax cuts. People are going to be paying less taxes, but the people paying less taxes are going to be working class folks. It’s going to put women back to work, It’s going to put people in situations where they have, as I know you’re tired of hearing me saying, but I remember my dad’s constant refrain, “Just give people a little breathing room, a little breathing room.”

Thank you, guys.Thank you, Boris. And I want to thank that fellow down under, thank you very much pal, appreciate it Mr. Prime Minister.

I’m honored today to be joined by two of America’s closest allies, Australia and the United Kingdom, to launch a new phase of the trilateral security cooperation among our country. As Prime Minister Morrison and Prime Minister Johnson said, I want to thank you for this partnership, your vision as we embark together on this strategic mission.

Although Australia, the UK, and US partnership, AUKUS, it sounds strange and all these acronyms, but it’s a good one, AUKUS, our nations will update and enhance our shared ability to take on the threats of the 21st century, just as we did in the 20th century. Together, our nations and our brave fighting forces have stood shoulder to shoulder for literally more than 100 years through the trench fighting in World War I, the island hopping in World War II, during the frigid winners in Korea, and the scorching heat of the Persian Gulf, the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom have long been faithful and capable partners, and we’re even closer today.

Today, we’re taking another historic step to deepen and formalize cooperation among all three of our nations, because we all recognize the imperative of ensuring peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific over the long term. We need to be able to address both the current strategic environment in the region and how it may evolve because the future of each of our nations, and indeed the world, depends on a free and open Indo-Pacific enduring and flourishing in the decades ahead.

This is about investing in our greatest source of strength, our alliances, and updating them to better meet the threats of today and tomorrow. It’s about connecting America’s existing allies and partners in new ways, and amplifying our ability to collaborate recognizing there is no regional divide separating the interests of our Atlantic and Pacific partners.

Indeed, this effort reflects the broader trend of key European countries playing an extremely important role in the Indo-Pacific. France in particular already has substantial Indo-Pacific presence, and is a key partner and ally in strengthening the security and prosperity of the region. The United States looks forward to working closely with France and other key countries as we go forward.

And finally, this initiative is about making sure that each of us has a modern capability, the most modern capabilities we need to maneuver and defend against rapidly evolving threats.

AUKUS will bring together our sailors, our scientists, and our industries to maintain and expand our edge in military capabilities and critical technologies such as cyber, artificial intelligence, quantum technologies, and undersea domains.

As a key project under AUKUS we are launching consultations with Australia’s acquisition of conventionally-armed nuclear powered submarines for its Navy, conventionally-armed. I want to be exceedingly clear about this, we’re not talking about nuclear-armed submarines. These are conventionally-armed submarines that are powered by nuclear reactors. This technology is proven, it’s safe, and the United States and the UK have been operating nuclear powered submarines for decades.

I have asked Secretary Austin of the Department of Defense to lead this effort for the US government. In close collaboration with the Department of Energy and the Department of State our governments will now launch an 18 month consultation period to determine every element of this program, from workforce, to training requirements, to production timelines, to safeguards, and non-proliferation measures, and to nuclear stewardship and safety to ensure full compliance with each of our nation’s commitments under The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.

We’ll all undertake this effort in a way that reflects the longstanding leadership in global non-proliferation and rigorous verification standards, in partnership and consultation with the International Atomic Energy Agency.

So I want to thank the Prime Minister, Prime Minister Morrison, and Prime Minister Johnson, for their friendship, but mostly important for their leadership and partnership as we undertake this new phase of our security cooperation.

And the United States will also continue to work with ASEAN and the Quad as was stated earlier, our five treaty allies and other close partners in the Indo-Pacific, as well as allies and partners in Europe and around the world to maintain a free and open Indo-Pacific, and build a future of peace, opportunity for all the people of the region.

We’re joining together, our partnerships are getting stronger, this is what we’re about. I want to thank you all, and I look forward to seeing both of you in person very soon I hope. Thank you. Thank you.… it’s good to be back in your town. Last time out here, we were talking about infrastructure. Now, we got a lot of money coming this way. We’ve got a lot working. We’ve got an infrastructure bill that we passed, and we’re going to do an awful lot more to build this incredible, incredible economy. Someone was saying to me earlier today, the most diverse state in the nation. Matter of fact, I think it was your Senator. The most diverse state in the nation, the most different state in the nation, the biggest state in the nation, and has the one of the largest economies in the world, and no one sees any inconsistency there. It’s because we’re diverse. You have the largest economy in the world.

Senator Padilla, thank you for your leadership in the United States Senate. You’re doing an incredible job. And I know she was here last week, but I’ve got to give a shout out to my favorite daughter of California who’s always talking about you all. Talks about you all the time like I talk about Delaware. She loves you. Matter of fact, she thinks you’re the only state in the nation, Vice President Kamala Harris.

Of course, the reason I’m here and you’re all over here is to thank and support our friend, Governor Gavin Newsom, one the best governors in the country. California, I’m not sure you know it, but if you didn’t know it, you showed. The eyes of the nation, this is not hyperbole, the eyes of nation on California, because the decision you’re about to make isn’t just going to have a huge impact on California. It’s going to reverberate around the nation, and quite frankly, not a joke, around the world. And here’s why.

All of you know, the last year I got to run against the real Donald Trump. Well, this year, the leading Republican running for governor is the closest thing to a Trump clone that I’ve ever seen in your state. No, I really mean it. He’s leading the other team. He’s the clone of Donald Trump. Can you imagine him being governor of this state? You can’t let that happen. There’s too much at stake. And here’s why it’s so important for you all to vote no on the recall. First, voting no will be protecting California from Trump Republicans trying to block us from beating this pandemic.

COVID-19. Gavin Newsom has had the courage to lead, stand up for science, for the very thing he’s been one of the leading governors in the nation, protecting people and vaccinating his state. Meanwhile, we see something else in parts of America. Right now, there are certain Republican governors like the governor of Mississippi talking to me about being dictatorial about demanding that people get vaccinated or tested. People are doing everything they can to block or undermine the life-saving mandates we proposed, putting their people at risk, putting their children at risk, putting their states at risk. And here’s the worst thing. For these Republican governors, it isn’t about public health, about the health of the people. It’s about politics.

Look, folks, just look at the hypocrisy. The same governors who are attacking me and your governor for COVID-19 mandates are in states with some of the strictest vaccine mandates for children attending school in the whole country. Talk about inconsistency. In Mississippi, children are required to be vaccinated against measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox, hepatitis B, polio, tetanus, and more. It’s a state requirement. Now, in the midst of this pandemic that has taken over 650,000 lives, I propose a mandate for COVID-19 vaccines, and it’s an outrage. It’s an infringement on freedom.

Look, folks, we don’t need politics in this battle against COVID. We need science. We need courage. We need leadership. We need Gavin Newsom, a governor who follow science, who’s got the courage to do what’s right, and will lead… I apologize for coughing. Last week, I laid out a six part plan for the fall to beat this pandemic. First, vaccinate the unvaccinated with new vaccine requirements. Two, protect the vaccinated. Three, keep children safe in school. And four, increase testing and masking, and keep our economy going strong and take care of people with COVID-19. That’s what the science tells us. We have to beat the Delta variant of COVID-19. Gavin will be a governor who will help us finish the job. Folks, send a message to the nation. Courage matters. Leadership matters. Science matters. Vote to keep Gavin, get vaccinated to save lives.

Second, by voting no, you’ll be keeping a governor who respects women, instead of someone who wrote that women know less about politics and economics than men. He hadn’t met my wife. Look, if you have any doubt about how important it is to have Gavin, who respects women’s rights, just take a look at what’s happening to states like Texas. They just passed the law empowering complete strangers to become bounty hunters, going after women who exercise their right to choose, a law that the United States Supreme Court refused to stop. Now, other states say they’re looking to replicate the Texas law. If you don’t think women’s rights are under assault, you’re not looking. California, keep Gavin Newsom and send a message to the nation. Women are to be respected and their rights protected.

Third, by voting no, you’ll be protecting California from another Trump climate denier, who said global warming is, “A crock,” and depicts it as a myth. Look, it’s hard to believe there’s any climate deniers left in America. Let me tell you something, there are. The last place you want someone like that is in the governor’s office in California. Y’all see what’s happening. Wild fires burning 2 million acres in California this year alone. 5 million acres have burned, 5.9 in the region. That’s bigger than the entire state of New Jersey, and it’s a big state. The governor and I were just in Sacramento for a briefing on the Caldor Fire. Last week, I saw the destruction and the death caused by Hurricane Ida in New York, New Jersey, and Louisiana. Folks, extreme weather is here. The climate crisis isn’t going away. It’s getting worse. We have to deal with it, not deny it. So California, you’ve got to keep Gavin Newsom as governor and send a message to the nation that we have to deal with the climate crisis now. We can’t wait any longer.

When I got elected president, I immediately rejoined the Paris Climate Accord. Just since we put that together in our administration and Barack’s administration, just since then, everything has collapsed even further. We don’t have much time, not a joke. We’re talking about nine to 10 years before we pass the point of no return. Our children need it, the planet needs it. Look, forth, by voting no, you’ll be standing up for a governor who protects workers, rather than one who believes there shouldn’t be… I can’t believe this guy. There shouldn’t be a minimum wage? The leading Republican candidate thinks the minimum wage should be zero. Look, working people have taken it on the chin too long. We need leaders like Gavin who’ll respect them, hear them, fight for them.

To me, it’s pretty basic. If you’re working a 40 hour week, you shouldn’t be living in poverty. That’s why I support a $15 minimum wage Gavin is leading the way in California. I’m so tired of trickle down economics. It’s about time we build from the bottom up and the middle out. So California, keep Gavin and send a message this time. Give working people just a fighting chance. They have never ever, ever, ever, ever let the country down. All they want is just an even shot. They have never let the country down.

Folks, I can go on, but here’s the deal. I’m going to make this as simple as I can. You either keep Gavin Newsom as your governor or you’ll get Donald Trump. It’s not a joke. Republican governor blocking progress on COVID-19, who is also anti-woman, anti-worker, a climate denier, who doesn’t believe in choice. The choice should be absolutely: Gavin Newsom. You have a governor who has the courage to lead. In Gavin, you have a governor who shares the state’s values. In Gavin, you have a governor to make sure Donald Trump’s dark, destructive, division politics never finds a place in California.

So please, not a joke, on behalf of the people of Delaware and Pennsylvania and Minnesota and all across America, don’t take anything for granted. If you’re registered, you’ve got a ballot in the mail. If you haven’t opened it, open it, mark no, and put in the mailbox tonight. If you want to vote in person, make sure you know where you’re going to vote in your county. If you’ve already voted, make sure your family and friends are voting tomorrow. California, I mean this is sincerely, the eyes of the nation are on you. I’m not joking. I’m not joking about that. You’ve got to vote no on the recall. Keep Gavin as governor. The rest of America is counting on you, and so am I. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.… in this historically strong recovery, unemployment rate has fallen again today, down to 4.6%. This included a substantial drop in unemployment for Hispanics, which was much needed. Our economy is on the move. This morning, we learned that in October, our economy created 531,000 jobs, well above expectations. We also learned that job growth over the prior two months, August and September, was nearly 250,000 more jobs than previously thought.

In total, the job creation in the first full nine months of my administration is about 5.6 million new jobs, a record for any new president. That’s a monthly average of over 60,000 new jobs each month, 10 times more than the job creation at three months before I took office. New unemployment claims have fallen every week for the past five weeks, are down by more than 60% since I took office and are now at the lowest level since the pandemic started. And people continue to move from unemployment rolls to work. Unemployment has decreased this year by more than any other year since 1950.

So any year since 1950, unemployment has decreased more, in this year, than since 1950. And not only are more Americans working, working Americans are seeing their paychecks go up. Weekly pay went up in October with an average hourly earnings up almost 5% this year, that’s more in some of the lowest paid workers in our country, men and women, who work in restaurants, hotels, the entertainments have seen their pay go up 12% this year. Over five and a half million jobs, unemployment down a record pace to 4.6% and before we passed the Rescue Plan, forecasters said it would take to the end of 2023, to get to 4.6 unemployment rate. Today we’ve reached that rate two years before forecasters thought it was possible. I would humbly suggest this is a significant improvement from when I took office and a sign that we’re on the right track.

This did not happen by accident, or just because. We laid the foundation for this recovery with my American Rescue Plan that Congress passed at beginning my term, it put money in working families’ pockets. It gave families with kids a tax cut each month. It helped keep small businesses going in the dark days earlier this year. And it provided the resources needed launch one of the fastest mass vaccination programs ever. We got more than 220 million shots in arms in my first 100 days. And we didn’t stop there. In recent months, we’ve started implementing vaccination requirements, which have helped bring the number of unvaccinated adults down in this country from around 100 million several months ago, to 60 million now. That’s good for our health, but it’s also good for our economy. Now, vaccinated workers are going back to work. Vaccinated shoppers are going back to stores. And with the launch of the vaccines for kids ages five through 11 this week, we can make sure more vaccinated children can stay in school.

Through these plans of economic success, the economic rescue and vaccination plans, both of them, have made the economy the envy of the world. We’re the fastest growing major economy, and one creating jobs at a faster pace than anyone. Yet, yes there’s a lot more to be done. We still have to tackle the cost that American families are facing, but this recovery is faster, stronger, and fair and wider than almost anyone to predicted. That’s what the numbers say, but we want to make sure that people continue to feel it in their lives, in their bank accounts, in their hopes and expectations, for a tomorrow that’s better than today. That’s what it’s all about. Making sure our recovery is fully felt to determine that depends on two things, two things that are entirely within our reach.

The first, for our economy to fully recover, we need to keep driving vaccinations up and COVID down. In that effort, we took two major steps this week. On Tuesday, the CDC recommended COVID-19 vaccine for children between the age of five and 11. Were prepared for this moment by securing an enough vaccine supply for every single child in that age category in America. Those doses have started to arrive at thousands of pediatricians’ offices, pharmacies, schools, and other sites. As a parent of one of the first children who received the shot said, “Today is such a huge sigh of relief.” Starting next week, our kids’ vaccination programs will hit full strength, with about 20,000 trusted and convenient places for parents to get their kids vaccinated. And yesterday, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA, issued a rule to require employers with 100 or more employees to ensure that each of their workers is fully vaccinated or tests negative for COVID-19, at least once a week.

And the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services issued a rule requiring that all workers at healthcare facilities participating in Medicare and Medicaid are fully vaccinated. Together these rules along with other requirements we’ve put in place means that two thirds of all workers in the United States are now covered by vaccination requirements. These requirements have broad public support and they work. Already, we’ve seen organizations that have adopted vaccination requirements increase their vaccination rates by more than 20 percentage points, often as high as over 90%. This is good for the workers, for their colleagues, for their loved ones and for their communities, and it’s also good for the economy. In a recent University of Chicago survey, every economist agreed that requiring staff vaccinations or regular testing among large employers would promote the economic recovery that is faster and stronger even than it is now. Analysts of Goldman Sachs project that these kinds of requirements could lead to up to five million more Americans reentering the workforce, that’s because they feel safer to do so.

It’s because there are fewer disruptions to things like childcare. Again, beating COVID-19 remains one of the most important ways to strengthen our economy, not just save lives, but strengthen our economy, and we’re making progress. As of this week, 70% of American adults are fully vaccinated, more than 193 million Americans fully vaccinated, it was less than 1% when we took office 10 months ago. And one more piece of good news. Last night, we received promising news about another potent and potential COVID treatment, a pill. A pill developed by Pfizer that may dramatically reduce the risk of being hospitalized or dying when taken shortly after infection, if you’re infected. If authorized by the FDA, we may soon have pills that may treat the virus of those who become infected. We have already secured millions of doses and the therapy would be another tool in our toolbox to protect people from the worst outcomes of COVID.

But look, it’s important to remember: we need to prevent infections, not wait to treat them once they happen, and vaccination remains the best way to do that. The pandemic is not yet behind us, but within this week’s announcements, vaccines for kids, more adults getting vaccinated, potential treatment for those who get sick, we’re accelerating our path out of this pandemic. The second way to make sure recovery is fully felt is to pass my bipartisan infrastructure agreement and my Build Back Better plan, which are being debated now. And I’m going to be heading over there shortly after I do this press conference, back to my office to make some calls. I want to say very clearly, if your number one issue is the cost of living, the number one priority should be seeing Congress pass these bills. 17 Nobel prize winners in economics have spontaneously wrote to me together and said this will lower inflationary pressure on the economy when we pass my bills.

A new analysis from the wall street firm of Moody’s Analytics found that it will ease the financial burden of inflation for middle class families. Put another way, these bills will provide families with, as my dad used to say, just a little more breathing room. That’s because the Build Back Better framework lowers your bills for healthcare, childcare, prescription drugs, and preschool, and families get a tax cut. That’s how you end some of the anxiety people are feeling about the economy. That’s how we give people some breathing room. That’s in addition to the infrastructure bill that will create millions of jobs rebuilding the arteries of our economy. And by the way, these two bills add up to the largest effort to combat climate change in the history of the United States of America. Right now, we stand in the cusp of historic economic progress.

It’s two bills that together will create millions of jobs, grow the economy, invest in our nation and our people, lower costs for families and turn climate crisis in an opportunity and put us in a path not only to compete, but to win the economic competition for the 21st century against all comers. In passing these bills, we’ll say clearly to the American people, “We hear your voices. We’re going to invest in your hopes, help you secure a brighter future for yourself and for your families and make sure that America wins the future in the process.”

I’m asking every member of the House of Representatives to vote yes on both these bills right now. Send the infrastructure bill to my desk, send the Build Back Better bill to the Senate. Let’s build an incredible economic progress, build on what we’ve already done, because this will be such a boost when it occurs. Let’s show the world that America’s democracy can deliver and propel our economy forward. Let’s get this done. I’ll be back to answer some of your questions when they pass, but may God bless you all. And may God protect our troops. Thank you.I believe we’ve had a series of very productive meetings in the past few days, and I’m looking forward to continuing to make progress on critical global issues as we head off to Glasgow.

Because of what we’ve seen again here in Rome, what I think is the power of America showing up and working with our allies and partners to make progress on issues that matter to all of us. And there’s really no substitute for face-to-face discussions and negotiations among the leaders when it comes to building an understanding and cooperation.

I found in all of my meetings here, both the larger sessions and the one-on-one sessions, and I had many of those, a real eagerness among our partners and allies for American leadership to help bring the world together and solve some of these big problems.

I found my one-on-one engagements with so many of the leaders, and the importance of strong, personal relationships, it never ceases to amaze me when you’re looking at someone straight in the eye when you’re trying to get something done. They know me; I know them. We get things done together.

And so, I want to thank the Italian people, by the way, for the G20, for their hospitality, and congratulate Prime Minister Draghi. He did one heck of a job leading the G20 through a difficult year marked by great global challenges, critically among them: ending the pandemic; driving a broad-based, sustainable global economic recovery; and tackling the climate crisis. I believe we made tangible progress on each of these issues, in part because of the commitment that the United States has brought to the table.

For example, I’m proud that the G20 endorsed the global minimum tax. This is something the United States has been driving for for over a year, building momentum up to this achievement. And this is an incredible win for all our countries.

Instead of nations competing against one another to attract investments by bottoming out corporate tax rates, this set a minimum floor of 15% to ensure that giant corporations begin to pay their fair share, no matter where they’re headquartered, instead of hiding profits overseas.

We also agreed to establish a fund in the future for countries that can draw on to help prevent, if necessary, and respond to the next pandemic, prepared for the next time around.

Yesterday, together with Prime Minister Johnson and Merkel and President Macron, we came together to reiterate our shared belief that diplomacy is the best way to prevent Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon, and we discussed how best to encourage Iran to resume serious, good-faith negotiations.

I also wanted to note that, even as I’ve been here in Rome, as you might guess, and some of you, I suspect, do the same thing, American reporters, I’ve been focused on the vital issues that affect American workers and families at home.

I just finished meeting with a broad coalition of partners on how to address the immediate supply chain backlogs that the world has been dealing with and facing, and we’re facing back at home, and how to make sure we have access to all the products we need, from shoes, to furniture, to electronics, to automobiles, to make sure that we talk about how better to secure ourself against these future shocks, whether a pandemic, climate change, or other disasters.

And the Build Back Better framework, which is, God willing, going to be voted on as early as, sometime this coming week, that I announced on Thursday includes, for the first time ever, several billion dollars to help strengthen the supply chains to make sure we have access to everything we need. It’s going to give workers and folks making all these products just a little bit of breathing room. The Build Back Better will also going to make it easier for them to afford everything from childcare while they are at work, for their kids; two years of free high-quality preschool.

And finally, today I was proud to announce, together with our close EU partners, another critical win for both American workers and the climate agenda.

The United States and the European Union have agreed to negotiate the world’s first trade agreement based on how much carbon is in a product, as we negotiated the steel and aluminum tariffs that were in place.

We made agreement and, I might add, strong support of the US steelworkers back home. I want to thank Tom Conway, who I spoke to today, president of the United Steelworkers, for his partnership in arriving at this deal.

The deal will immediately remove a point of significant tension with our friends in the European Union. And it rejects the false idea that we cannot grow an economy and support American workers while tackling the climate crisis at the same time.

We’re talking about a lot, a lot during the G20 and the COP26, but we also know tackling the climate crisis has been a all-hands-on-deck effort. American workers are a critical part of the solution.

Now I’m happy to take some questions, and I’m told I should start with AP, Zeke Miller. Zeke, you have a question?

I didn’t recognize you with the mask on. I apologize.

Because of the way they reacted. You were here. They listened. Everyone sought me out. They wanted to know what our views were. And we helped lead what happened here.

It’s just very simple: You know, if you’re honest… You are honest; I didn’t mean to imply you weren’t, but that we got significant support here. Significant support. The United States of America is the most critical part of this entire agenda, and we did it.

And, by the way, look, the polls are going to up and down and up and down. They were high early, then they got medium, then they went back up, and now they’re low. Well, look at every other president; the same thing has happened. But that’s not why I ran. I didn’t run to determine how well I’m going to do in the polls. I ran to make sure that I followed through on what I said I would do as President of the United States.

And I said that I would make sure that we were in a position where we dealt with climate change; where we moved in a direction that would significantly improve the prospects of American workers being able to have good jobs and good pay; and further, that I would make sure that we dealt with the crisis that was caused by COVID. We’ve done all of those; we continue to do them. And we’ll see what happens, but I’m not running because of the polls.

Next question was from Jeff Mason, for Jeff Mason of Reuters.

I’ll answer both questions.

Number one, I believe we will pass my Build Back Better plan, and I believe we will pass the infrastructure bill. Combined, they have $900 billion in climate resistance, in dealing with climate and resilience. And it’s the largest investment in the history of the world that’s ever occurred, and it’s going to pass, in my view. But we’ll see. We’ll see.

You’ve all believed it wouldn’t happen from the very beginning, the moment I announced it, and you always seem amazed when it’s alive again. Well, you may turn out to be right; maybe it won’t work. But I believe we’ll see by the end of next week, at home, that it’s passed.

With regard to the… And by the way, that infrastructure bill delivers an awful lot of things in terms of everything from tax credits for electric vehicles, to making sure we are able to invest, literally, billions of dollars in everything from highways, roads, bridges, public transit, airports, et cetera. But we’ll see.

With regard to the disappointment: The disappointment relates to the fact that Russia and including not only Russia, but China, basically didn’t show up in terms of any commitments to deal with climate change. And there’s a reason why people should be disappointed in that. I found it disappointing myself.

But what we did do, we passed a number of things here to end the subsidization of coal. We made commitments here from across the board, all of us, in terms of what we’re going to bring to the G26.

I think as that old trite saying goes, “The proof of the pudding will be in the eating.” I think you’re going to see we’ve made significant progress and more has to be done. But it’s going to require us to continue to focus on what China is not doing, what Russia is not doing, and what Saudi Arabia is not doing.

Well, on the surface, it seems like an irony, but the truth of the matter is, you’ve all known; everyone knows, that the idea we’re going to be able to move to renewable energy overnight and not have, from this moment on, not use oil or not use gas or not use hydrogen is just not rational.

Certain things we can wipe out and we don’t have to do. We should be moving immediately to get rid of, as they’ve adopted here my proposal, to end methane, to deal with a whole range of things.

But it does, on the surface, seem inconsistent, but it’s not at all inconsistent in that no one has anticipated that this year we’d be in a position, or even next year, that we’re not going to use any more oil or gas; that we’re not going to be engaged in any fossil fuels. We’re going to stop subsidizing those fossil fuels. We’re going to be making significant changes. And it just makes the argument that we should move more rapidly to renewable energy, to wind and solar and other means of energy.

But the idea that we’re just going to end and somehow, but it does, on the surface, I admit to you. We’re going to COP to deal with renewable energy, and I’m saying, “Why are you guys cutting off oil and raising the price just to make it look harder for us?” But it’s a legitimate question.

I think, though, that if anybody thinks about it, no one ever thought that tomorrow, for example, it’s going to take us between now and 2030 to have half the vehicles in America electric vehicles. So, the idea we’re not going to need gasoline for automobiles is just not realistic. But we will get to the point that, by 2050, we have zero emissions.

Jim? Jim Tankersley, New York Times.

Well, because they have to get to their work. They have to get in an automobile, turn on the key, get their kids to school. The school buses have to run. That’s the reason why. You know that, Jim. That’s the reason.

The idea that there’s an alternative to walk away from being able to get in your automobile is just not realistic; it’s not going to happen. And this wasn’t intended to happen.

And, by the way, when the cost of a gallon of gasoline gets to above $3.35 a gallon, it has profound impact on working-class families just to get back and forth to work. So, I don’t see anything inconsistent with that, but I do think that the idea that Russia and Saudi Arabia and other major producers are not going to pump more oil so people can have gasoline to get to and from work, for example, is not right. And what we’re considering doing on that, I’m reluctant to say before I have to do it.

Because they’re able to negotiate for higher wages, and they move from one job to another. That’s one of the reasons why. A lot of people don’t want to continue to do the job they did before, making seven, eight, nine bucks an hour. An awful lot of the truck drivers are not unionized truck drivers. They’re working like hell and not getting paid a whole lot.

And so what you’re seeing here is a combination of the desire of people to be able to change professions, to be able to do more and take care of their families, and at the same time, dealing with the issue that, in fact, we are short of workers.

But worker pay has actually gone up. And we’ve employed 6 million people just since I got elected. So, employment is up. The economy is actually, in spite of all this, still growing. You have the significant number of… I forget the number; I think it was close to 16 major economists acknowledging that what’s going to happen is you’re going to see continued economic growth under our proposals. You had a total of 14, I think it was 14, Nobel laureate economists in economics saying what I’m proposing will reduce the inflation, et cetera. So, there’s a lot going on.

Look, we really are. I know you’re tired of hearing me say this. We really are at one of inflection points in history. So much is changing. So many pieces on the table are moving. And how they get resettled depends upon the judgments we make and whether or not the United States, among others, can lead the world in a direction that’s going to increase the circumstances for a higher standard of living for workers here and abroad, as well as making sure that people have an opportunity. As I said, again, I use the phrase, “Just have a little breathing room.”

I meant what I said when I ran. My desire was to build this economy from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down. And that’s what’s in process of happening. But in the meantime, there’s been enormous changes as a consequence of COVID on the supply chains because why are we having trouble? An awful lot of the very factories and operations that, in fact, produced material that we need for supply chains, in everything from shoes to dealing with computer chips, they’re out sick; they’re not working.

And so, it’s changing. The economy is changing, and the United States has to stay ahead of the curve. That’s why I introduced the infrastructure bill. That’s why I also introduced the Build Back Better initiative.

The Washington Post, Seung Min Kim. There you are. I’m sorry. I couldn’t see you.

Well, in a sense, they’re two different issues. One is whether or not we get to the JCPOA, we rejoin that. And that depends… That’s why I had the meetings with my colleagues here in Rome, who are part of the original group of six nations that got together to say that we should negotiate a change, which I found that I think we’re continuing to suffer from the very bad judgments that President Trump made in pulling out of the JCPOA.

And so, that’s one issue. And that issue is going to depend on… Whether and how that gets resolved is going to depend on their action and the willingness of our friends, who are part of the original agreement, to stick with us and make sure there’s a price to pay economically for them if they fail to come back.

With regard to the issue of how we’re going to respond to actions taken by them against the interests of the United States, whether they’re drone strikes or anything else, is we’re going to respond. We’re going to continue to respond.

ABC, Cecilia Vega. It’s hard to see you guys with a mask on. I apologize.

Yes, I can, because what we’re proposing and what we’ve initiated is everything from getting the automobile makers to commit to going all electric, number one. Getting the unions to agree to do that as well. Making sure we have the investment in battery technology that requires us to have the ability to generate electric vehicles, electric buses, electric transportation grids. Making sure that we are dealing with everything from… Let me go through some of these: that we have tax credits of $320 billion for dealing with alternatives by people getting a tax credit for moving on solar panels, on wind, and a whole range of other things, and winterizing their properties.

I don’t think you’re going to need any punitive action to get people to step up and do those things. There’s been no indication that’s the case at all. There’s a total of $555 billion in climate… I’m just checking the numbers to make sure I’m right, and climate investment, in terms of resilience.

It’s very much in the interest of the industry to see to it that we move to making sure that we have the resilience to be able to, when those towers come down and the lines end up hitting the ground and burning down large swaths of the West, to bury this underground.

There’s a whole range of things. I don’t think we’re going to have to… Everybody knows which direction it’s going. And there’s no indication that there has to be a punitive effort to get people to react the way in which we have to do, at least I don’t believe so.

Look, I’m not going to… A lot of this is just personal. Pope Francis has become a… I don’t want to exaggerate. Has become someone who has provided great solace for my family when my son died. He is, in my view… There’s always been this debate in the Catholic Church, going back to Pope John the 23rd, that talk about how we reach out and embrace people with differences.

If you notice what the Pope said when he was asked when he first got elected Pope, he was traveling with the press, and they said, “What’s your position on homosexuals?” He said, “Who am I to judge?”

This is a man who is of great empathy. He is a man who understands that part of his Christianity is to reach out and to forgive. And so I just find my relationship with him one that I personally take great solace in. He is a really, truly genuine, decent man.

I’ll end by saying that there were an awful lot of people who, and many of you, I’m not putting you in this position; I apologize, but many of you who are even in the press who went out of your way to express your empathy and sympathy when I lost the real part of my soul, when I lost my Beau, my son.

And my family will never forget, my extended family, because when I… It was only a matter of days since my son had passed away, and Pope Francis came to the United States to visit with not only President Obama, but with the Catholic Church here. And I was asked if I would accompany him to Philadelphia, to the seminary… Anyway. And I did, but the wounds were still raw of the loss of my son. I had my extended family, and you’re all tired of seeing my extended family. They’re always around. My grandchildren, my children, my wife, my daughters-in-law.

And before he left and got on the plane, the Pope asked whether or not he could meet with my family. And we met in a hangar at the Philadelphia Airport. And he came in and he talked to my family for a considerable amount of time, 10, 15 minutes, about my son, Beau. He didn’t just generically talk about him; he knew about him. He knew what he did. He knew who he was. He knew where he went to school. He knew what a man he was. And it had such a cathartic impact on his children and my wife and our family that it meant a great deal.

And as I meant what I said, everybody was laughing; I didn’t realize you all were able to film what I was doing with the Pope when I gave him a command coin. I meant what I said. This is a man who is someone who is looking to establish peace and decency and honor, not just in the Catholic Church, but just generically.

When I won, he called me to tell me how much he appreciated the fact that I would focus on the poor and focus on the needs of people who were in trouble. Again, I don’t want to talk more about it, because so much of it is personal, but he is everything I learned about Catholicism from the time I was a kid going from grade school through high school. I have great respect for people who have other religious views, but he’s just a fine, decent, honorable man and we keep in touch.

I thank you all very, very much for your patience. Thank you. Thank you.Folks

Good afternoon everyone. Today, for the first time since March of 2020, the American unemployment rate is below 5%. in just eight months since I became president in the midst of a great public health and economic crisis, the unemployment rate is now down below 5% at 4.8%. Let me just repeat that today’s report has the unemployment rate down to 4.8%, a significant improvement from when I took office and a sign that our recovery is moving forward, even in the face of a COVID pandemic. That improvement was widespread. Unemployment for Hispanic workers was down and the unemployment rate for African-Americans fell almost a full percent, and it’s now below 8% for the first time in 17 months. A drop of 496,000 in long-term unemployment is the second largest single month drop since we started keeping records, the largest was in July. So in the past three months, we’ve seen a drop of 1.3 million long-term unemployed. That’s the largest three months fall in long-term unemployment since we started keeping records of 1948, more to do but great progress.

And working Americans are seeing their paychecks go up as well. In September we saw one of the largest increases in average wages paid to working Americans on record. Today’s report comes one day after the Labor Department found in the third quarter of this year, the number of layoffs in job reductions was the lowest in this country since 1997. Overall, the unemployment report shows almost 200,000 jobs were created last month, over 300,000 in the private sector and 26,000 in manufacturing, offset by some seasonal adjustments in education hiring. The monthly total is bounce around, but if you take a look at the trend it’s solid. On average 600,000 new jobs created every month since I took office. And in three months before I got there, that was one 10th what was being created, 60,000, as opposed to 600,000 jobs a month. In total, the job creation in the first eight months of my administration is nearly 5 million jobs.

Jobs up, wages up, unemployment down, that’s progress. And it’s attributed to the hard work and resilience of the American people for battling through this pandemic, working to keep their businesses afloat. Remember, today’s report is based on a survey that was taken during the week of September the 13th, not today, September the 30th. When the COVID cases were averaging more than 150,000 per day. Since then, we’ve seen the daily cases fall by more than one third, and they’re continuing to trend down. We’re continuing to make progress.

Right now, things in Washington, as you all know, are awfully noisy. Turn on the news and every conversation is a confrontation, every disagreement is a crisis. But when you take a step back and look at what’s happening, we’re actually making real progress. Maybe it doesn’t seem fast enough. I’d like to see it faster and we’re going to make it faster. But maybe it doesn’t appear dramatic enough, but I too would like to, as I said, move it faster. We’re making consistent, steady progress though. And thanks to bipartisan agreements, we’re making progress on funding the government and raising the debt limit. So people continue to get their social security checks, the military continue to get paid and so much more.

We’re making real progress on COVID-19 as well. More than 186 million Americans are now fully vaccinated. More than 75% of eligible Americans have gotten at least one shot, and COVID cases are down 40% in the past month, hospitalizations are down over 25%. In July, when I announced the first vaccination requirement, about 95 million eligible Americans still had not been vaccinated. Today, we’ve reduced that from 95 to 67 million eligible Americans haven’t been vaccinated. That’s still much too much. There’s more work to do, including getting more people vaccinated. But we continue to make progress. And the American Rescue Plan, which we passed shortly after I was elected, we made progress providing rent and mortgage relief to help keep roofs over people’s heads. We provided checks in pockets and other benefits so families can put food on the table for their families, hundreds of thousands of loans to help small businesses stay open and keep employees on a job getting paid.

Today, towns and cities and states that were at risk of losing hundreds of thousands of jobs before because they didn’t have the budget to pay, we help make their payroll for them. So they could keep teachers, police officers, firefighters, essential workers on the job. Helping schools stay open with the equipment and resources needed to keep students and educators safe. And we finally gave a tax break, I’ve been working at this for a long time, to families with children. Which as I speak, is providing monthly checks for more families for 60 million children, $300 per month for every child under the age of seven, $250 per month for every child under the age of 17. Keeping the tax cut, it’s a tax cut for these people and cutting child poverty nearly in half, over 40%. We’re making progress, protecting our air and water as well and our natural lands, much more to do. And I’ll have more to say about that later today.

The jobs numbers also remind us that we have important work ahead of us and important investments we need to make. America is still the largest economy in the world, we still have the most productive workers and the most innovative minds in the world, but we risk losing our edge as a nation if we don’t move. Our infrastructure used to be the best in the world, today, according to the World Economic Forum, the United States of America ranked 13th in the world, 13th, on infrastructure, roads, bridges, ports, et cetera. We’re among the first in the world to guarantee access to universal education back at the turn of the 20th century. Now, the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, catch this, ranks America 35 out of 37 major economies when it comes to investing in early childhood education as a percent of GDP, 35 our of 37. On all of these investments that fuel strong economy we’ve taken our foot off the gas and the world has taken notice, including our adversaries. And now they’re closing the gap.

Look, so it’s essential that we have to regain the momentum we lost. As my wife says all the time, a professor she’s, any country that out-educates us is going to out-compete us. The work of our time is to prepare ourselves for it to be competitive to win the fast-changing 21st century global economy. That’s why I proposed two critical pieces of legislation being debated here in Washington right now. One focus on the investments we need to make in the physical infrastructure of America, roads, bridges, ports, et cetera. The second focus on the investments that need to make in the American people to make us more competitive. I know this is my legislation, and I feel strongly about it, but the people who have the most at stake are the American people. So we need to stay focused on what these bills will mean to the people who are just looking for a little bit of breathing room, a fair chance to build a decent middle class life to succeed and thrive is spending just hanging on by their fingernails. We need to keep an eye, an eye, on what’s fundamentally at stake for our country, the ability to compete and win the race of the 21st century as we did the 20th century. A race that other countries are doing everything they can to win.

In recent years, China has spent around three times as much on infrastructure, three times as much as a share of its economy than the United States has. Our infrastructure bill makes investments we need to rebuild the arteries of our economy, the roads, the highways, the bridges, the ports, the airports, the rails. And we’re going to allow us to replace led water pipes, which are poisoning our children and families. It’s ridiculous. Build a modern energy grid that we can withstand storms and carry renewable energy across America, make high-speed internet affordable and available to everywhere in America. And create good union jobs in the process of putting that together. We’re going to make the largest investment in public transit in American history, and we’re going to make the most important investments in our rail since their creation of Amtrak 50 years ago.

But isn’t enough just to invest in our physical infrastructure. We’re going to lead the world like we used to. If we’re going to do that, we also have to invest in our people. That’s what my second bill does, the Build Back Better Plan, that’s what it does. Today, only about half of the three and four year olds in America are enrolled in early childhood education. In Germany, France, the UK, in Latvia, that number is more than 90%. We’re falling behind. It’s not just early education, according to one study, catch this. American ranks 33rd out of the 44 advanced economies when it comes to the percentage of our young people who have attained a post high school degree. United States, 33rd out of 44. My Build Back Better Plan gets us back on track to making four additional years of public education available for every person in America. Two years of high quality preschool and the front end, which indicates that over 56% of the children be able to go through all 12 years and beyond without any interruption and investments in community college. So our students can gain the skills they need and carve out a place for themselves in the 21st century economy.

We’re going to help build families. We’re going to help them afford to care for their new baby, a child, an elderly relative. It’s going to extend the tax credit for families with children. It’s going to help us meet the moment on climate change and become a global leader in the fast growing clean energy industries like solar and wind power. The whole world knows that the future of the auto industry is electric and battery technology. We need to make sure America builds that future instead of falling behind. We should build those vehicles and the batteries that go into them and the charging stations that are going to need, the 500,000 we’re going to build across America. Here in the United States we should be doing this.

And look, if we get this done, we’re going to breathe new life in our economy and our workforce and we’re going to breathe cleaner air at the same time. These are the kinds of investments that will get America back in the game and give our workers a chance, a fighting chance. Economists left, right and center agree. Earlier this year Moody’s on Wall Street projected at the investments in these bills will bring us higher GDP and additional 2 million jobs per year in lower unemployment. These bills are not about left versus right or modern versus progressive or anything else that pits Americans against one another. These bills are about competitiveness versus complacency. Competitiveness versus complacency. Opportunity versus decay. They’re about leading the world or whether we’re going to let the world pass us by.

The American people understand what’s at stake here. They understand that when workers and families have a better shot, America has a better shot. Give it half a chance to American people have never, never, ever, ever let their country down. Today, we receive more evidence of the progress we’re making and know we can make a lot more in the days ahead.

I want to thank you and God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you very much.Chuck, thank you very much. As the old joke goes, my father, Harry would say, “Thank you,” my mother would say, “Who are you talking about?” Look, folks, let me begin by saying, I wish every American could walk down this alley with me to see and talk to the people who have been devastated. Just talk to them. None of them were shouting or complaining. Every one of them were thanking me as if it was something special, I mean this sincerely, that I was here and hoped that we’d be able to do something. This is America where I’m standing right now. These are the people whether it’s in Scranton or Claymont, or anywhere around the world, the country who built this country and it’s about time we step up. They’re always the first ones that are hurt and the last ones that are helped, but that’s not going to happen this time. The group I have standing with may led by Chuck Schumer and your Congresswoman, is this your district?

Oh, it’s Grace’s district?

I want to thank her personally for her gumption, the way she’s fought and hollered and fought so hard for all the people in this alley. I really mean it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. But that goes for everybody here. And look folks, I want to thank the Governor leader Schumer and Kirsten, I should say Senator Gillibrand and Congresswoman Meng, and Maloney and Meeks and Mayor de Blasio for being here. It’s not, how can I say this? Sometimes some very bad things happen that have a tendency to bring out the best in a people and a country.

And I think what people are seeing across this country from the wildfires in California and the far west, which I’m heading to in a couple of days, all the way down in Louisiana and the Gulf where I was a couple of days ago to New Jersey and Pennsylvania, to a lesser extent, Delaware to a lesser extent and New York, people are beginning to realize this is much, much bigger than anyone was willing to believe. And the whole segment of our population denying this thing called climate change.

But I really mean it. Sometimes my mother used to say, “Out of everything bad, something good will come if you look hard enough for it.” Well, I think we’ve all seen, even the climate skeptics are seeing that this really does matter and it’s not just whether or not people who are just trying to get by in these homes in these alleys here, working their butts off , it’s people in high towers along the shore we’ll find that as this rain and all this change takes place in the groundwater, the buildings are actually beginning to tilt. 100 story buildings. This goes so far beyond what anybody’s willing to speak to up to now. We just finished surveying some of the damage in the neighborhood here in Queens and early today, we were in the Raritan Valley in New Jersey, which also got badly, badly hit.

Walking these neighborhoods, meeting the families and the first responders, seeing how folks are doing after this destruction and pain and another devastating storm is an eye opener. The people who stand on the other side of the fences who don’t live there, who were talking about interfering with free enterprise by doing something about climate change, they don’t live there. They don’t live. They don’t understand. And last week, right here in so many other communities, these waves crashed through the streets here, testing the aging infrastructure and taking lives. More lives were taken here then down in Louisiana.  say that again. They had over 20 inches of rain. They had 178 mile an hour wind gusts and more lives were taken here and down in Louisiana. And you all saw the harrowing images of stories and families trapped in flooding basements, and struggling to survive.

Well, you didn’t have to, just go along this valley, talk to the people. I’m sure the press has done that. My message to everyone grappling with this devastation is we’re here, we’re not going home until this gets done. I really mean that. We’re not leaving. We’re going to continue to shout as long as it takes to get real progress here. Folks, we have to take some bold action now to tackle that the accelerating effects of climate. If we don’t act now, I’m going to be heading, as Chuck knows, as the Senator knows, I’m going to be heading from here to Glasgow in Scotland for the , all the nations of the world getting together to decide what we’re going to do about climate change. And John Kerry, the former Secretary of State is leading our effort, putting it together. We are determined.

We are determined that we are going to deal with climate change and have zero emissions, net emissions by 2050, by 2020, make sure all our electricity is zero emissions. We’re going to be able to do these things, but we got to move. We’ve got to move, and we’ve got to move the rest of the world. It’s not just the United States of America. And so, folks, this summer alone communities with over 100 million Americans, 100 Americans call home have been struck by extreme weather. One in every three Americans has been victimized by severe weather, the hurricanes along the Gulf, the East Coast up through this community. And I saw the human and physical costs firsthand, as I said, Louisiana. But Governor, you called Phil Murphy, Governor Murphy, so many leading with urgency and action said enough, enough.

And there’s not a single request I’m aware of, there may be something that we haven’t signed off on, that we haven’t signed off yet. And here’s the deal, the New York Fire Department, the New York Police Department, the Sanitation Department, and other first responders they’re leading with incredible, incredible courage. Two linemen have been killed trying to make sure we have. And folks, the evidence is clear, climate change poses an existential threat to our lives, to our economy and the threat is here, it’s not going to get any better.  worse? We can stop it from getting worse. And when I talk about building back better, and Chuck is fighting for my program, our program on the hill, when I talk about building back better, I mean, you can’t build it to what it was before this last storm, you got to build better, so if the storm occurred again, there would be no damage.

There would be, but that’s not going to stop us though, because if we just do that, it’s just going to get worse and worse and worse because the storms are going to get worse and worse and worse. And so, folks, we’ve got to listen to the scientists and the economists and the national security experts. They all tell us, “This is code red, the nation and the world are in peril.” And that’s not hyperbole, that is a fact. They’ve been warning us. The extreme weather would …

And we’re living in real time now where we can look around the records and the ruins and the heartbreak from so many communities to feel it  don’t understand, you can feel it, you can taste it, you can see it. Precious lives lost in Louisiana, New Jersey, New York, families living in shelters, subway stations flooded decaying infrastructure pushed beyond the limits. Lives and livelihoods interrupted once again. We’re working closely with the governors and mayors and members of Congress and community leaders. On Sunday, I immediately approved the disaster declaration of Governor Hochul to rush federal assistance to where it was needed here.

FEMA’s working intensively with State and local officials assessing the damage and mobilizing resources. One of the things I want to thank Chuck for as leader of the Senate, he has helped mobilize State, local and federal. When they’re all working together, that’s when things happen positively. The Health and Human Services Secretary is working with the State to ensure folks on Medicare, Medicaid get the emergency care they need. They’re going to make sure it’s equitable so that the hardest hit, including lower income folks, communities of color and the elderly and the most vulnerable get help and get it first. They are the ones in the greatest need. And there’s much to be done  working around the clock on all these critical needs and areas.

Look, I say to anyone who could hear this, or if this is broadcast, if you need help, please go to disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-FEMA 1-800-621-3362, we can get you help now. We can get you help now. And I know these disasters, aren’t going to stop, they’re only going to come with more frequency and ferocity. As I said, I’m working in Congress to pass two important pieces of legislation that this man here is  through the Congress for me. The bipartisan plan to modernize our physical infrastructure, our roads, our bridges, our power transmission, our distribution lines. How many bridges I just went through in New Jersey that had been over flown by the river? The river has gone higher than the bridges. Having done damage to them.

My build back better plan with key investments to fight climate change, cutting emissions and make things more resilient. Each dollar we invest, every dollar we raise, a city block by two feet, flood proof power stations, sanitation’s reduction in the buildup of  in our forest, installing electrical lines underground rather than overhead saves us $6 for every single dollar we spend to do those things. Because the next time disaster strikes, the flood is contained, the fire doesn’t spread as widely and power stays on. Not to mention, those investments save lives, homes and create good paying union jobs.

I hosted 56 heads of State in Washington and I pointed out, we were talking about climate change and I said, “I think of one word when I think of climate change, jobs. Good paying jobs.” Each of these things requires a good paying job, not $7 or $12 or 15, but $45, $50 an hour plus healthcare that’s what is needed. And so, folks, Wall Street, not too far from here, acknowledges that if we spend the money and these things we’re going to grow the economy, increase employment. The fire in Oregon sent smoke all the way to the Atlantic. The storm in the Gulf, as you’ve now figured out, can reverberate 10 States away, supply chains and crop production get interrupted driving up costs, devastating industries all over America.

This is everybody’s crisis, everybody’s crisis. And let me just say again, the fact is that the damage done on the West Coast, which I’ll be heading to, they’ve already burned five million acres to the ground. That’s bigger than the State of New Jersey, if I’m not mistaken. Five million acres and you see it by the smoke and ends up coming over the East Coast. Folks, we’re all in this. It’s about time we stopped the regional fights and understand helping somebody make sure there’s no fewer fires in the West warrants helping people in this alley make sure they’re not flooded.

And by the way, it’s not just the flooding, I’ll end with this, not just the flooding. Flooding ends up overrunning sanitation systems and it causes disease and people get sick and it’s serious, serious business, so we got a lot of work to do. Again, it’s good paying jobs, we can put the economy back on a path to real growth, but in the meantime, we’re going to save a whole hell of a lot of people’s lives and we’re going to save a whole hell of a lot of money. God bless you all. Let’s get this done.

How are you pal?

How old are you?

Oh, you’re getting old.

By the way, the neat thing about America, every time we end up with a problem going into a serious circumstance, we come out better than we went in. That’s because we’re so diverse. That’s America. Be proud of it. Thank you.

And don’t jump. All right.

Thanks. Thanks. I didn’t get to mention all of the names.Please. If there’s any audience that I should be standing for, it’s you, not you standing for me, but thank you very much. Good afternoon. In February, I came out here to the National Institute Health, at NIH and to our vaccine research center to thank all of you of the world class doctors, scientists, researchers for the incredible work you’ve done during the pandemic, and developing vaccines, saving lives, giving us hope. Also, continuing to give me advice on developments as they occur. I’ve seen more a Dr. Fauci that I have my wife, we kid each other, but look who’s president? Fauci. But all kidding aside, I sincerely mean it. Today, I’m back to announce our action plan to battle COVID 19 this winter. Not that any of it’s a surprise to any of you, because it’s the combined advice from all of you that we develop this plan, and it doesn’t include shutdowns or lockdowns, but widespread vaccinations and boosters and testing and a lot more.

There are five key actions that I want to see us take this winter. First of all, first is expanding the nationwide booster campaign with more outreach, more appointments, more hours, more times, and sites to walk in providing booster shots for up to 110 million Americans who are eligible for boosters. And I want you to know parenthetically, I was talking to one of my folks who does polling and national strategy. And he said, “There’s some evidence in one poll.” I won’t mention it because I’m not positive of the number. I was told this as I was leaving the White House, that there is an expectation that 30% of the non-vaxxers, under no circumstances would I get a vaccination, because of the new variant are now saying, “I’m going to get a vaccination.” So we hope that’s true. I hope that’s true. But the second point is that launching new family vaccination clinics, to make it easier for children, parents, and whole families to get vaccinated in one place, and new policies to keep our children in school, instead of quarantining them at home.

I’ll talk about the detail of each of these in a moment. The third piece of this is making free at home tests more available than ever before, and having them covered by your private insurance plans available in thousands of locations and available community health centers and other sites for the uninsured, who don’t have insurance. Four increasing our surge response team, that our doctors, our nurses, I know people in this audience know incredibly well about what a surge team is, but medical staff and the communities with rising cases and overburdened hospitals and short on personnel. And by the way, they make a gigantic difference. The governors, Republican governors, as well as Democratic governors, contact me when I go into their states, talk about, “Thank you for these surge teams.” Because it really makes a difference in some communities are hit so much harder than others. They just can’t make it without what we’re going to do. I’ll speak to this in more detail in a second.

The fifth thing we’re doing, we’re accelerate efforts to vaccinate the rest of the world and strengthen the international travel rules for people coming to the United States. My plan and I’m announcing today pulls no punches in the fight against COVID 19, and it’s a plan that I think should unite us. I know COVID 19 has been very divisive in this country, it’s become a political issue, which is a sad, sad commentary. It shouldn’t be, but it has been. Now as we move into the winter and face the challenges of this new variant, this is a moment we can put the divisiveness behind us, I hope. This is a moment when we can do what we haven’t been able to do enough of through this whole pandemic, get the nation to come together, unite the nation in a common per purpose to fight this fires, to protect one, to protect our economic recovery and to think of it in terms of literally a patriotic responsibility, rather than somehow you’re denying people their basic rights.

The plan I’m announcing today is the plan our scientists and COVID teams have recommended. And while my existing federal vaccination requirements are being reviewed by the courts, this plan does not expand or add to those mandates. A plan that all Americans hopefully could rally around and it should be, and should get bipartisan support, in my humble opinion. And it should unit us, not continue to separate us. Parenthetically, you all know that there literally, as it relates to whether or not we’re going to pay the federal debt, whether we’re going to in fact, have a continued resolution, et cetera. Some of my friends on the other team are arguing that if I don’t commit that there’ll never be any more mandates, they’re going to let us default. In the neighborhood I come from in Claymont they’d look at me and say, “Go figure, go figure.”

But before I explain each new action in more detail, and I’m not going to embarrass you doc, but I want to thank Francis Collins. You’ve done an incredible job, doc, here at NIH. One of the most important scientists of our time in my view. No, I’m not being solicitous. I think I’m not exaggerating a bit. After I was elected president, Dr. Collins was one of the first calls. I think you’re the second call I made to ask you if you’d stay on. The second call I made. It’s because when I was vice president and I got to know Dr. Collins really well when I was given the opportunity to manage the cancer moonshot initiative. And Dr. Collins is an incredible resource for our nation, and I’m grateful. And I mean this sincerely, I’m grateful for everything he’s done for this pandemic and advancing all kinds of medical breakthroughs, including mapping the human genome.

He recently announced he’s going to step down as director of the NIH this month after a truly consequential tenure. But the good news really is Dr. Collins going to return to the lab, the National Human Genome Research Institute, and we look forward to his unmatched ability and unlock possibilities that are within our reach. And doc, the bad news for you is you ain’t getting rid of me, man. I’m going to keep calling you all the time because there’s a lot of other things you can do and help me to get done. You just point me in the direction and I’ll follow. I just received a briefing from Dr. Collins and Fauci and Dr. Lawrence tieback, as well as Dr. Julie Ledgerwood and I appreciate it very much. My only regret was it was a short meeting, because I was to come and speak. I think we would all benefit more if we had made my speech short and spent more time with these docs.

But as they study the Omicron variant, that we have just two cases reported here in the United States. But as I explained on Monday, this new variant is cause for concern, but not panic. We knew there’s be cases of Omicron here in the United States and it’s here. But we have the best tools, the best vaccines in the world and the best medicine and the best scientists in the world. We’re going to fight this variant with science and speed, not chaos and confusion. Just like we beat back COVID-19 in the spring, a more powerful variant, Delta variant in the summer and fall. As a result, we entered this winter from a position of strength compared to where America was last winter. Last Christmas, fewer than 1% of American adults were fully vaccinated. This Christmas, that number will be 72%, including more than 86% of seniors, the most vulnerable population.

Last Christmas, our children were at risk without a COVID-19 vaccine. This Christmas, we have safe, effective vaccines for children, age five and older, with 20 million children and counting now vaccinated. Last year, majority of our schools were closed Christmas time in that area. Now over 99% of our schools are open, but I pledge to always be straight and give it just straight from the shoulder as President of the United States and tell the American people exactly where we are. So, here it is: experts say the COVID-19 cases are continued to rise in the weeks ahead in this winter. So we need to be ready. You can read the whole plan we’re talking about here at whitehouse.gov, go to whitehouse.gov, and it’s all laid out in detail.

For now, here are the five key points I want to expand on slightly. We’re expanding our national booster campaign to provide booster shots to all eligible adults. Our docs, and the scientists believe that people who get a booster shot are more protected than ever from COVID-19. I was just told, with a question I got to ask I have been meaning to ask for a long time, whether or not, not just it increases the resistance to the variant that is being dealt with, but it also is stronger. It not only just raises a total, but it is stronger, it makes things more powerful in terms of resisting. And the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA and our top public officials recommend all adults get a booster shot when it’s time. But here’s the deal: more than about 100 million are eligible for boosters, but haven’t gotten the booster shot yet. Folks, if you’re over the age of 18 and you got vaccinated before June the second, six months has gone by, go get your booster now. Go get it now.

Booster shots continue to be free. We’ve already made available 80,000 locations coast to coast in the United States, of America, 80,000 locations to get the booster. And if you want to know exactly where to go text your zip code to 438829 to find where you can get your booster shot now. And starting today, we’re making it easier than ever to get a booster shot. I’m calling on pharmacies and they’ve been cooperative, big and small, to offer more appointments, more walk-in hours, including on weeknights and weekends. So you can get vaccinated at a time that works best for you and your family. Pharmacies will send millions of texts and emails to remind their customers to return for the booster shots, because they know who got the booster shot at CDC, now they’ve agreed they’re going to send texts to that particular person when their time is up.

If it’s Pfizer or Moderna, it’s six months, if it’s J&J, two months. And to reach our seniors, we’re also collaborating with the American Association of Retired Persons, AARP, who’ll be reaching out to their 38 million members. They’re going to make an aggressive effort. They’re going to be hosting virtual town halls to answer questions on and even arrange rides for seniors to get their booster shots. And so that will all be coming. My administration will contact the 64 million people on Medicare to remind them to get at their booster shots. We have the ability to do that from the federal level. And just like I did to make it easier for folks to get their first and second shots, I’m providing paid off time for any federal employee who goes to get their booster.

If the only time they can get the booster where they are, if it’s at such and such a day in the middle of the day, they can go. All they have to do is demonstrate that’s where they went, or they took their son, daughter, husband, wife, mom, dad, they get paid, they don’t get docked their pay. And I’m asking other employers in the private sector to do the same thing. I don’t want you to have to choose between a paycheck and get an additional protection for a booster shot. Now, I want to reiterate, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Collins believe if you’re worried about Omicron variant, the best thing to do is get fully vaccinated and then get your booster shot when you’re eligible. Excuse me.

We don’t yet believe that additional measures will be needed, but so that were prepared if needed, my team is already working with officials at Pfizer, Moderna, Johnson & Johnson to develop contingency plans for other vaccines or boosters. And I’ll also direct the FDA in the CDC to use the fastest process available without cutting corners for safety, to get such vaccines reviewed and approved, if they’re needed. Second, we’re expanding our efforts to vaccinate children ages five and up. For any parent worried about Omicron variant or the Delta variant, get your child vaccinated at one of the 35,000 locations in the country, including doctor’s offices, pharmacies, children’s hospitals, and 9,000 pop-up clinics at schools. If you’re wondering where to go again, visit vaccines.com. And today I’m announcing that we’re going to launch hundreds of new family vaccination clinics across the country. These sites are going to offer vaccinations for the whole family one stop. One stop, children can get vaccinated, parents can get vaccinated to get their first or second shots or their booster shots.

Family vaccination clinics will be held in community health centers and other trusted locations. Some will be mobile to reach further into hard to reach communities. If it’s booster shots for adults, vaccinations for kids, all the same place at the same time. Now, when we first announced, I said the logistical problem, it wasn’t just we didn’t have enough vaccines when we got into office, but once we got the vaccine, the logistical effort to get all communities and all areas vaccinated was a gigantic logistical undertaking that would make any military proud of being able to do it. But because of the incredible talent, including our military, we got that done, and we can do the same thing now as we continue to expand. We know parents of children under the age of five are wondering when the vaccine would be available for the little ones.

That’s the question I most get often asked now at functions. We had a function celebrating Hanukah and the Christmas and various things at the White House. The parents coming up to me and they’re saying, “I have a three year old. Am I going to be okay? Is she going to be okay? Or he going to be okay?” And let me say this: I strongly support the independent scientific view of vaccine usage for children under five. We can’t take shortcuts with that scientific work, but I’ll do everything in my power to support the FDA to do this safely and quickly as possible when we get around that point. Vaccinating our children is also critical to keeping our schools open, but while over 99% of our schools are open now, we need to make sure that we keep that throughout the winter, this winter.

The CDC is now reviewing pioneering approaches we call Test to Stay policies, which could allow students to stay in a classroom and be tested frequently when a positive case in that classroom popped up that wasn’t them. Up to now, you go home when you quarantine. But rather than being sent home and quarantine and be able to stay, because the test will be available and regularly. The CDC will be releasing the latest signs and other findings of the coming weeks so that other schools can learn if there’s any impediments in this practice, they can learn to implement exactly what the best way to do this is, that’s the process. We want our children in school, and we’re going to take new steps to make sure it stays that way. But again, the best step is to vaccinate your children, get them vaccinated.

The third, this winter, we’re going to make free at home tests more available to Americans than ever before. To better detect and control the Delta variant, I made testing more available, affordable and convenient. I used the Defense Production Act to increase production of rapid tests, including at home tests. When I came in office, none of these tests were on the market. Thanks to our actions and the work of all of you, we now have at least eight at home testing options and prices for those tests are coming down, but it still isn’t good enough in my view. That’s why I’m announcing that health insurers must cover the cost of at home testing so that if you’re one of the 150 million Americans with private health insurance, next month, your plan will cover at home tests. Private insurers already cover the expensive PCR test that you get into the doctor’s office. And now they will cover at home tests as well. Now, for those not covered by private insurance, we’re going to make available free tests at thousands of convenient locations for folks to pick them up and take a test kit home.

The bottom line, this winter you’ll be able to for free in the comfort of your home and have some peace of mind. This is on top of the 20,000 sites already around the country like pharmacies, where you can go in and get tested for free. We have to keep this going. Fourth, we’re going to continue to help communities that experience rising cases this winter and improve the care for those who get COVID-19. Since this summer, we’ve worked with Republican and Democratic governors, as many Republican governors as Democratic governors to deploy what we call surge response teams. These teams work. They provide needed staff for staff overruns that badly needed staff, where overrun hospitals are handling more patients than they can handle for their emergency rooms and intensive care units who don’t have a personnel available. They help provide lifesaving treatments and communities in need like monoclonal antibody treatments.

We have over 20 teams deployed now. Today, I’m announcing that we’re going to triple that, more than double. We’re going to get to 60 teams ready to deploy in states experiencing a surge in cases over the course of the winter. I was just with a governor in Minnesota, who’s raving about the positive impact that’s had on his state, but there’s states in the same circumstance. Additionally, we’re increasing the availability of new medications recommended by real doctors, not conspiracy theorists. For example, monoclonal antibody treatments have been shown to reduce the risk of hospitalization by up to 70% and for unvaccinated people at risk of developing severe disease. We’ve already distributed over three million courses of these treatment to save lives and reduce the strain on hospitals. And where we have promising new antiviral pills on the horizon that could help prevent hospitalizations and death for people infected by COVID-19.

We’ve secured enough supply of these pills already and early indications are that these treatments will remain effective in the face of Omicron. We don’t know that for sure yet, but that’s the hope and expectation. And like with the distribution of the vaccines, we will ensure that these medicines will be available to the hardest hit communities in America as well. Fifth and finally, as we seen with COVID-19 and the Delta variant, and now with Omicron variant, all that emerged elsewhere. It all came from somewhere else. And ultimately, to beat this pandemic, we need to go to where it came from in the rest of the world. We also need to vaccinate the rest of the world. America, in my view, continues to lead in that effort. We’ve shipped for free more vaccines around the world than all other countries in the world combined, every other country combined.

Over 280 million vaccines so far to 110 countries, including South Africa, where we delivered all the doses they requested. Now, today I’m announcing that we’ll accelerate the delivery of more vaccines to countries that need it. Pleasure to deliver 200 million more doses within the next 1000 days, on our way to delivering more than one billion, 200 million doses for the rest of the world. Let me be clear: that not a single vaccine dose America ever sends the rest of the world will ever come at the expense of any American. I’ll always make sure that our people are protected first, but vaccinating the world is not just a moral tool, a moral obligation that we have in my view, it’s how we protect Americans. As we’re seeing with this new variant, America’s doing our part and we’ll do more, but this is a global pandemic and everyone needs to fight it together.

And that includes countries we’re helping that aren’t particularly friendly toward us. Their population are in trouble. To their credit, the scientific community, particularly in South Africa quickly notified the world of the emergence of this new variant. This kind of transparency is to be encouraged and applauded because it increases our ability to respond quickly to any new threats, and that’s what we did. On the very day the World Health Organization identified the new variant, I took an immediate step to restrict travel from the countries in Southern Africa. But while we know the travel restrictions can slow the spread of Omicron, they cannot prevent it, but it does give us a little more time to take more precautions at home to prepare. A month ago, we announced requirements that foreign travelers must be vaccinated if entering the United States. This week, I announced an additional action to strengthen international travel rules, to give us more time to stop the spread and study the new variant.

It used to be that international travel flying, a traveler flying to the United States had to test negatively three days before their departure from that country. Well, I’m announcing today that all inbound international travelers must test within one day of departure, regardless of their vaccination status or nationality. This testing timetable provides an added degree of protection as scientists continue to study the Omicron variant. And we are extending the requirement both internationally and domestically to wear masks for travel on aircraft trains, public transportation through the winter months.

I’ll close with this. Again, the actions I’m announcing are ones that all Americans can rally behind and should unite in the fight against COVID-19. And they come from a position of strength. We are better positioned than we were a year ago to fight COVID-19. Since day one of my administration, we’ve been doing everything we can to beat this virus. And that’s what we have to keep doing.

That’s how we keep our country and our businesses and our schools open. And that’s how, even with the pandemic we’ve generated record job creation, 5.6 million new jobs since January 20th, more than any president in American history. We’re on the track to the fastest economic growth in four decades. We move forward in the face of COVID 19 in adult variant, and we’ll move forward in the face of Omicron variant as well, and we’ll do it by keeping the faith and doing it together as the United States of America. Let me close again by saying, God bless our doctors, our scientists, and all of you here at NIH for what you’re doing for the country. And quite frankly for the world. You’re the best. You’re the very, very best, and God bless you all. Thank you for your patience in listening to me. Thank you.

No.

How can you ask such a silly question? Look, I don’t believe that will happen. We have everything in place to be able to make sure there is not a shutdown, unless some individual … I spoke with Mitch McConnell, I spoke with Schumer. There is a plan in place unless somebody decides to be totally erratic and I don’t think that will happen. So I don’t think . Thank you.Well, hello everyone. And welcome to the first Summit for Democracy. This gathering has been on my mind for a long time for a simple reason. In the face of sustained and alarming challenges to democracy, universal human rights and all around the world, democracy needs champions. And I wanted to host this summit because here in the United States, we know as well as anyone that renewing our democracy and strengthening our democratic institution requires constant effort. American democracy is an ongoing struggle to live up to our highest ideals and to heal our division and recommit ourselves to the founding idea of our nation captured in our Declaration of Independence, not unlike many of your documents. We say, “We hold these truths to be self-evident that all women and men are created equal, endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, among them life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”

Democracy doesn’t happen by accident. We have to renew it with each generation, and this is an urgent matter on all our parts in my view. Because the data we’re seeing is largely pointing in the wrong direction. Freedom House reports in 2020, that marked the 15th consecutive year of global freedom in retreat. Another recent report from the International Institute of Democracy and Electoral Assistance noted more than half of all democracies have experienced a decline in at least one aspect of their democracy over the last 10 years, including the United States. And these trends are being exacerbated by global challenges that are more complex than ever, and which requires shared efforts to address these concerns.

By outside pressure autocrats, they seek to advance their own power, export and expand their influence around the world, and justify the repressive policies and practices as a more efficient way to address today’s challenges. That’s how it’s sold by voices that seek to fan the flames of social division and political polarization, and perhaps most importantly and most worrying of all, by increasing the dissatisfaction of people all around the world with democratic governments that they feel are failing to deliver for their needs.

In my view, this is the defining challenge of our time. Democracy, government of the people, by the people, for the people, can at times be fragile, but it also is inherently resilient, and it’s capable of self-correction, and it’s capable of self-improvement. And yes, democracy’s hard. We all know that. It works best with consensus and cooperation. When people and parties that might have opposing views sit down and find ways to work together, things begin to work. But it’s the best way to unleash human potential and defend human dignity and solve big problems. And it’s up to us to prove that. Democracies are not all the same. We don’t agree on everything, all of us in this meeting today, but the choices we make together are going to define, in my view, the course of our shared future for generations to come. And as a global community for democracy, we have to stand up for the values that unite us. We have to stand for justice and the rule of law, for free speech, free assembly, a free press, freedom of religion, and for all the inherent human rights of every individual.

My late friend, Congressman John Lewis, was a great champion of American democracy and for civil rights around the world, learning from and gaining inspiration from other great leaders like Gandhi and Mandela. With this final words as he was dying, to our nation last year, he reminded our country, “Democracy is not a state. It’s an act.” Democracy is not a state. It is an act. So over the next two days, we’re bringing together leaders from more than 100 governments, alongside activists, trade unionists, and other members of civil society, leading experts and researchers and representatives from the business community, not to assert that any one of our democracies is perfect or has all the answers, but to lock arms and reaffirm our shared commitment to make our democracies better, to share ideas and learn from each other, and to make concrete commitments of how to strengthen our own democracies and push back on authoritarianism, fight corruption, promote and protect human rights of people everywhere. To act. To act.

This summit is a kickoff of a year in action for all of our countries to follow through on our commitments and report back next year on the progress we’ve made. And as we do this, the United States is going to lead by example, investing in our own democracy, supporting our partners around the world at the same time. From the earliest days of my administration, we pursued a broad-based agenda to prove that American democracy can still do big things and take on challenges that matter most. That’s why we immediately passed what we call the American Rescue Plan to get shots in people’s arms as fast as possible at home and around the world to help get this pandemic under control and to stimulate inclusive and lasting economic recovery. That’s also helping to drive global growth.

Last month, I was proud to sign a bipartisan piece of legislation, a true act of consensus between Democrats and Republicans in our country, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs act. This legislation will make a generational investment to deliver what people need most in the 21st century: clean water, safe roads, high-speed broadband internet, and so much more, all of which strengthens our democracy by creating good paying union jobs that will translate to lives of opportunity and dignity for working people with better access to the tools and resources they need to thrive.

And soon, I hope to sign into law, a bill we call the Build Back Better Plan, which will be an extraordinary investment in our people and our workers and give American families just a little more breathing room to deal with their problems and their opportunities. Our domestic agenda has been focused on delivering for the needs of the American people, strengthening our democratic institutions at home. My first day in office, I signed an executive order to advance racial justice and equality. And my administration recently released our first national strategy on gender equality and equity. We’re fostering greater worker power because workers organizing union to give them the voice of the workplace in their community and their country isn’t just an act of economic solidarity. It’s democracy in action.

We’re making it easy for Americans to register to vote. And we’ve doubled the number of attorneys defending and enforcing voting rights laws through our Department of Justice. And my administration is going to keep fighting to pass two critical pieces of legislation that will shore up the very foundation of American democracy, the sacred right of every person to make their voice heard through free, fair, and secure elections. We need to enact what we call the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Right Advancement Act to prevent voting discrimination, provide baselines for accessing the ballot box, and ensure the will of the voters is upheld, and so much more. We should be making it easy for people to vote, not harder, and that’s going to remain a priority for my administration until we get it done. Inaction is not an option.

And as we continue to work at home to bring the United States closer to what we call a more perfect union, we’re doubling down on our engagement with and support of democracies around the world. Earlier this week, I released the first US Government Strategy on Countering Corruption, which elevates our fight against transnational corruption, a crime that drains public resources and hollows out the ability of governments to deliver for the people and just evaporates confidence that the people much need to have in their government. The strategy includes working with other partners. All of you around the world will improve transparency, hold corrupt actors accountable, reduce their ability to use the United States international financial system to hide assets and to launder money.

And today, I’m proud to launch the Presidential Initiative for Democratic Renewal, which will focus efforts across our diplomacy in foreign assistance programs to bolster democratic resilience and human rights globally. Working with our Congress, we’re planning to commit as much as $224 million in the next year to shore up transparent and accountable governance, including supporting media freedom, fighting international corruption, standing with democratic reformers, promoting technology that advances democracy, and defining and defending what a fair election is.

Let me give you a few examples of the kind of work this initiative will entail. A free and independent media. It’s the bedrock of democracy. It’s how public stay informed and how governments are held accountable. And around the world, press freedom is under threat. So we’re committing critical seed money to launch a new multilateral effort in our International Fund for Public Interest Media to sustain independent media around the world. And through our USAID, we’re going to be standing up a new Defamation Defense Fund for journalists to help protect investigative journalists against nuisance lawsuits designed to prevent them from doing their vital work around the world.

We’re going to launch new programs to help connect anti-corruption activities across civil society, the media, academia, labor, and protect whistle blowers and help partners eliminate money laundering in safe havens. To ensure that our democracies are strengthened by the voice of all citizens, this presidential initiative includes programs to advance women and girls in civic engagement and political leadership, empowering the LGBTQ+ community individuals to participate in democratic institution, promote labor law reform and work organizations. It includes new lines of efforts with our partners to address online harassment and abuse and reduce the potential for countries to abuse new technologies, including surveillance technologies, to suppress the rights of their people to express their views. And we’re going to stand up two rapid response crosscutting initiatives that support the key goals of this summit, the Fund for Democratic Renewal and the Partnership for Democracy Program. It’s going to allow the state department USAID to surge funds to support our partners working on democratic front lines around the world.

My fellow leaders, members of civil society, activists, advocates, citizens, we stand at an inflection point in our history in my view. The choices we make in my view in this moment are going to fundamentally determine the direction our world’s going to take in the coming decades. Will we allow the backward slide of race and democracy to continue unchecked? Or will we, together, together, have a vision and the vision, not just a vision, the vision and courage to once more lead the march of human progress and human freedom forward? I believe we can do that and we will if we have faith in ourselves and in our democracies and in each other. That’s what this summit is about. I’m so looking forward to a productive session and discussions that we’ll have over the next two days. I’m looking forward to the connections we’ll build to support our work moving forward. So let’s get to work. Thank you all so very much for your patience.Good morning. Will come as no surprise to you, I’d like to talk about what we need today to raise the debt limit and why the Republicans in Congress, or what they’re doing today is so reckless and dangerous, in my view. Raising the debt limit comes down to paying what we already owe, what is already been acquired, not anything new. It starts with a simple truth. The United States is a nation that pays its bills and always has from its inception. We have never defaulted. What we pay for so it keeps us a great nation, Social Security benefits for seniors, salaries for brave service members and benefits for veterans and other financial obligations for our people and for our nation.

We’re able to meet these obligations based on the revenue we receive from taxes and based on our ability to borrow what when needed. And in that case, we’re able to borrow because we always pay our debt. We always pay what we owe. We’ve never failed. That’s America. That’s who we are. That’s what’s called for. It’s called full faith and credit of the United States. It’s rock solid. It’s the best in the world. But here’s the deal, there’s a cap on what we can borrow called the debt limit and only Congress can raise or lower that debt limit.

So let me be really clear, this is really important to know. Raising the debt limit is about paying off our old debts. It has nothing to do with any new spending being considered. It has nothing to do with my plan for infrastructure or building back better. Zero. Zero. Both of which I might add are paid for. So if we’re going to make good on what’s already been approved by previous Congresses and previous presidents and parties, we have to pay for it. Social security benefits the American people are promised, salaries for service men and women, benefits for veterans.

We’re going to have to raise the debt limit if we’re going to meet those obligations. And raising the debt limit is usually a bipartisan undertaking, and it should be. That’s what is not happening today. The reason we have to raise a debt limit is in part because of the reckless tax and spending policies under the previous Trump Administration. In four years, they incurred nearly $8 trillion. In four years, $8 trillion in additional debt and bills we have to now pay off. That’s more than a quarter of the entire debt incurred now outstanding after more than 200 years.

And Republicans in Congress raised the debt three times when Donald Trump was president and each time with Democrats support. But now they won’t raise it, even though they’re responsible for more than $8 trillion in bills incurred in four years under the previous administration. That’s what we’d be paying off. They won’t raise it even though the falling on the debt would lead to a self-inflicted wound that takes our economy over a cliff and risk jobs and retirement savings, Social Security benefits, salaries for service members, benefits for veterans, and so much more.

A failure to raise the debt limit will call into question Congress’ willingness to meet our obligations that we’ve already incurred, not new ones. We’ve already incurred. This is going to undermine the safety of US Treasury securities and will threaten the reserve status of the dollar as the world’s currency. The world relies on. American credit rating will be downgraded. Interest rates will rise for mortgages, auto loans, credit cards and borrowing. Folks watching at home, you should know this is the Republican position.

Here it is. They won’t vote to raise the debt limit to cover their own spending. Democrats voted with them to cover that spending last four years, the previous four years. They say Democrats should do it alone, but then they’re threatening to use a procedural power called a filibuster, meaning that we’d have to get 60 votes, not 50 votes to increase the debt limit. This would block the Democrats in meeting our obligations and responsibilities to prevent Congress from raising the debt limit.

So let’s be clear, not only are Republicans refusing to do their job, they’re threatening use the power, their power to prevent us from doing our job saving the economy from a catastrophic event. I think quite frankly, it’s hypocritical, dangerous and disgraceful. Their obstruction and irresponsibility knows absolutely no bounds, excuse me, especially as we’re clawing our way out of this pandemic. Democrats will meet our responsibility and obligation to this country. We’re not expecting Republicans to do their part.

They made it clear from the beginning. We tried asking to no avail. We’re just asking them not to use procedural tricks to block us from doing the job that they won’t do. Meteor is headed to crash into our economy. Democrats are willing to do all the work stopping it. Republicans just have to let us do our job. Just get out of the way. You don’t want to help save the country, get out of the way, so you don’t destroy it. We don’t have time to delay with elaborate procedural schemes, which Republicans’ proposals require.

Scores of votes without any certainty at all. Many of which have nothing to do with the debt limit at all. And that’s when accidents happen. In the days ahead, even before the default date, people may see the value of their retirement account shrink. They may see interest rates go up, which will all of my raise their mortgage payments and car payments. And the American people, look, I just say it this way. As soon as this week, your savings in your pocket or your pocket book could be directly impacted by this Republican stunt.

It’s as simple as that. Republicans say they will not do their part to avoid this needless calamity. So be it, but they need to stop playing Russian roulette with the US economy. It’s one thing to pay our debts already acquired. It’s another to require a super majority to pay the debts already acquired. It’s not right. Let the Democrats vote to raise the debt ceiling this week without obstruction or further delays. Democrats in the House have already passed the bill that would do that. It’s sitting in the United States Senate where Democrats have the votes ready to pass it.

That’s the only way to eliminate the uncertainty and risk that’s going to harm American families and our economy. Let us vote and end the mess. We’ve got to get this done. We must get this done. It is like, as I said, playing Russian roulette to play these games. We can do it this week. Just get out of the way and let us pass it. Thank you.

First of all, I did get a letter. I got it 10 minutes before I walked in here. I’ve read it. I plan on talking to Mitch about it. He and I have been down this road once before back when I was vice-president and I hope we can have an honest conversation about what he’s proposing. And I think the easiest way to do this, and if the Republicans would not use the filibuster, would be to let us vote on what is already in the Senate right now passed by the House to raise the debt limit. And we could do that in the next several days.

Been able to close the deal in 99% of my party. Two, two people. That’s still underway. I don’t think there’s been a president who’s been able to close deals that’s been a position where he has only 50 votes in the Senate and a bare majority in the House. This is a process. This is a process. We’ll get it done.

Look, I need 50 votes in the Senate. I have 48.

Say that again, I’m sorry.

I’m going answer one. I’m not going to answer . Let’s stick on the debt, so we don’t confuse the American people. Number one, the issue of reconciliation, which is like code to the American people. But what’s reconciliation? There is a process that I understand the Republican leader is willing to initiate, go through that would require literally up to hundreds of votes. It’s unlimited number of votes having nothing directly to do with the debt limit. Could be for everything from Ethiopia to anything else that has nothing to do with the debt limit, and it’s fraught with all kinds of potential danger for miscalculation.

And it would have to happen twice. So you could literally have several hundred votes over the next number of days. Everything else would come to a standstill, but you’d still find yourself in a situation where at the end of the day, you may have passed something that in fact then has to be undone again by either Democrats or Republicans. It’s an incredibly complicated cumbersome process when there’s a very simple process sitting out there. Sitting at the desk in the United States Senate is a bill passed by the House saying we Democrats will raise the debt limit, take responsibility for raising, even though some voted to acquire that debt as well.

We will go ahead and do that. That’s the way to proceed.

I’m not going to cross that bridge until we have to get there.

Speak to that later.

I’ll let her tell you that. I don’t want to …. We’re in negotiations.

I’m not going to negotiate in public.

Because we weren’t calling for filibuster. We did not require 60 votes, and it was a straight up and down vote.

I don’t think they’re appropriate tactics, but it happens to everybody. The only people it doesn’t happen to are people who have Secret Service standing around them. So, it’s a part of the process. Yes?

Well, I laid out what I thought it should be. It’s not going to be that. It’s going to be less. I mean, look, the legislation, both the build back better piece, as well as the infrastructure piece are things that I wrote. These didn’t come from, God love him, Bernie Sanders or AOC or anybody else. I wrote them. I disagreed with Medicare for all, for example, I disagreed, but I laid out what I thought would be important. For example, I think in the build back better program, it’s required that we in fact have the best education available to us.

And I’ll speaking to this in detail tomorrow. But look, here’s the situation. How can we in an ever competitive world, increasingly competitive world, how can we not meet the educational standards of at least other countries are working toward? Nobody is reducing the number of years they want their children to go to school or people go to school. You’ve heard me say it before, as my wife says, if any country out-educates us, they’re going to out-compete us. Look what China’s doing. Look what the rest of the world is doing. They’re investing.

They’re also investing in things that relate to ability for people to go to work and stay at work. We have several million women who can’t go back to work because they don’t have any way to take care of their children. So to give a tax cut to a working mom to be able to afford daycare, is that bad? Is that a bad idea? I think it’s a darn good idea. It will get people back to work. So there’s a lot of things in the legislation I’m going to be talking about across the country that I think the American people overwhelmingly support.

But, the idea that somehow this is somebody else’s legislation. This is what I wrote.

Again, as you know, it’s not a smart thing to negotiate with yourself in public. Let’s see. We’re in the process of continuing to talk to all the parties and see what we can get done.

About what? I’m sorry. I didn’t get that last part.

We’re looking at that right now. And the first part of your question was what?

Winning. That’s the progress. Last question.

No, I can’t. That’s up to Mitch McConnell.

I believe that that will be the end result because of consequence is so dire. I don’t believe that. But can I guarantee it? If I could, I would, but I can’t. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.Good job, man. . Hello. Hello. Hello. It’s good to be home. Thank you all. Please be seated.

I just want you to know we have a tradition in the Biden Finnegan family, when you see a relative, you go see them first. These are my relatives in the front row here, I want you to know.

It’s been an awful lot of time across from St. Paul’s church at my uncle Jack Finnegan’s house, his daughters are here, and he taught up at the U, and I just want you to know that Amtrak is here. They can tell you that you should name half the line after me. I am the most railroad guy you’re ever going to meet. 2,100,000 miles on Amtrak. Hear me now? Not a joke.

What happened was when you are a president or vice president, they keep meticulous mileage of when you fly an Air Force Aircraft, and so about, I guess it was seven years in to my tenure as Vice President, and I used to always like to take Amtrak home on Friday. I tried to go home and see my mom who was living with us at the time after my dad passed and I tried to get home. And the Secret Service are wonderful. They’re the best in the world. They never liked me taking Amtrak because it stops too often and too many people get on and you don’t know, but it turned out I was about number three in seniority on the road at the time, if you… Now, well, I mean terms of actual time on the road, and a lot of the folks in Amtrak became my family. Not a joke. I’d ride every day. I commuted every single day for 36 years as Vice President of the United States after my wife and daughter were killed, I went home to see my family. Never stopped doing that.

And so Angelo Negri was from… You remember Ang? Ang came up to me one day when they just had announced that I had flown one million some X number of miles on Air Force Aircraft, and Ang comes up and I’m getting in the car and he goes, “Joey, baby, what do you…” And I thought the Secret Service were going to shoot him, I said, “No, no, no, no, he’s good. He’s good.” It’s a true story. And he said, “I just read, big deal. Big deal,” whatever it was, “a million, 200,000 miles Air Force. You know how many miles you did Amtrak?” And I said, “No, Ang, I don’t have any idea, pal.” He said, “Let me tell you, we were at the retirement dinner,” and he said, “we added it up. You averaged a hundred…” I think he says “21 days a year, 121 days a year, 36 years, plus as Vice President, boom, boom. You have traveled over two million miles, Joe. I don’t want to hear anymore about the Air Force.” But in the Build Back Better plan, I got more money for passenger rail than the entire Amtrak system cost to begin with. We’re going to change the nation in a big way.

Shane, I want to thank you for the introduction. I really do. And Madam Mayor Paige, you’ve done a great job. A great, great job. No, I really mean it. I’m a big fan. When I got elected, it’s the God’s truth, after I checked on what the margin was in the state of Delaware, I called up here. She had won that year too. And I found out that I won every precinct in Scranton and I looked up and said, “Mom, I did it. I did it.” And it’s great to be here. It’s great to be here in Pennsylvania with a very close friend, become a close friend and a great governor, Governor Wolf. It’s good to see you. And Matt, thank you for the passport to let me back into the district.

It’s interesting, I grew up not very far from Bobby, excuse me, the Senator, where he grew up. It was about a total of… If you added up, I think it was about five blocks, six blocks, and his dad and I were about 18 years apart and we’re 17 years apart, so it’s like a continuum going down here. But I just want you to know, we went to the same schools, the same parish, just a few years apart. Give a few, take a few years. And Scranton is where I played shortstop at the Green Ridge Little League in the first year that it was put up. My dad helped build the field down there and spent a lot of time at  buying penny candy and Hanks Hoagies on Woodlawn Street, watching movies of the  on the weekend and trying to reenact all they did. And when you watch those movies, I think I was told, I know there’s true, I was the only kid in my era that I was able to walk across  on that pipe that was just above that thing. If you found the lackey, you weren’t lucky. You were in trouble.

But anyway… That’s right. Look, no matter how long you live here in Scranton, it’s a place that climbs into your heart and it never really leaves you, and that’s the God’s truth. It’s like that old saying goes, you can take the boy out of Scranton but you can’t take Scranton out of the boy. There’s something special about it. And I believe that home is where your character is etched, and I really mean that. Some of you have heard me say this before. It’s where your view of the world begins and where you begin and where it takes shape, and that happened to me in 2446 North Washington Avenue.

We used to come back after 10:30 mass at St. Paul’s, St. Claire’s wasn’t built till I had moved, at St. Paul’s, and my grandfather would hold court. And back in those days, all the men had breakfast in the kitchen. My mother was one of five children, four brothers, one was lost in World War II. And a guy who was the chief political reporter at the newspaper, Tommy Phillips, who lived the street behind us, and was a good friend of my grandfather’s, and all the women would go in the dining room and on the lace table cloth and have tea and-

In the dining room, on the lace tablecloth, and have tea. And the men would in fact have a big breakfast. And if you’re a kid, if you’re a young boy, you could sort of wander around the table, you could never sit at the table. And so I used every once in a while, walk in and just sort of wander around. I’d stand by my grandpa, and I put my hand on his shoulder and they talk, and they talked about everything from sports and politics. And that’s where I learned an awful lot at that kitchen table. I learned from my grandpa that money done and determine your worth. I learned, he told me, and that’s not a joke, those of you know me know it to be true, and you guys know it, is that, “Mo one in the world is more worthy than you, Joey, but everyone’s your equal. Everybody’s your equal.”

My mom would remind me, she’d say, “Joey,” this is a God’s truth, “Remember, you’re defined by you’re your courage and you’re redeemed by your loyalty.” “You’re defined by your courage and you’re redeemed by your loyalty.” And my dad, when things got tough in Scranton after the war, when there weren’t any work, my dad did not work in a coal mines, my great-grandfather was a mining engineer, but my dad was in sales, and he worked for the  Trucking Company and things got slow in Scranton. So we moved, I remember the day he came, I think the longest walk a parent can make is up a short flight of stairs to tell their kid, “You can’t live here anymore.” You can’t because dad doesn’t have a job, or mom doesn’t have a job. And my dad had moved from Wilmington, Delaware to Scranton when he was a junior in high school, then was called St. Thomas, not The Prep, but it was called St. Thomas, in those days.

And I remember him walking up into the bedroom and saying, “Honey, dad’s going to have to move. But it’s going to probably take about a year, I’ll come home every single weekend, it’s only 155 miles.” I thought that would was 600 miles away. “I’ll come home every weekend, and when we get enough money, I’m going to bring you, and mom, and everyone down to Wilmington, you’re going to like it.” And I thought that was like an awful lot of parents who left Scranton back in those days, who moved away, had to move away. And I gained so much respect for my father as I got older, because I thought about how much it must have hurt him, and the pride it took it from to walk into my grandfather’s pantry and say, “Ambrose, can I leave Jean and the kids with you? I promise I’ll make it up to you, I’ll be back every weekend, but I promise I’ll make it up.” That’s a hard thing for a proud man or woman to do, but so many had to do it.

And I remember when we moved down to Delaware, my dad would say, “Joey,” and all my friends know this, literally this phrase, you’ve heard him say it I don’t know how many times, “Joey a job’s about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about your dignity. It’s about respect. It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say, “Honey, it’s going to be okay.” And think about it, think about what it is. It means a lot more than just whether you get a paycheck. It defines who you are,” in his mind. And I learned that at the kitchen table in Scranton; the place where you take care of one another. And as I said, I used to stutter badly when I was a kid. If Tommy Bell, and Charlie , and all of my old friends were here at St. Pauls, my nickname was Blackbird. It was, “B-b-b-bye bye blackbird.” It wasn’t meant as a compliment. And I wasn’t very big. You could beat me, but I’d hurt you. You think I’m kidding? I’m not. But it’s one of those things that I was for because the people I was surrounded by, our neighbors in Scranton as well, that people stuck up for you. Stuck up for one another.

And my mother used to say, and I never quite understood, “Remember, Joey, look at me, look at me, Joey, you’re a Biden,” Like I’m a DuPont or something, you know what I mean? I swear to God, “You’re a Biden. Nobody is better than you, and everybody’s equal to you. Nobody.” The point I’m making is, the truth is Scranton isn’t my home because of the memories it gave me; it’s my home because of the values it gave me. So when I ran for president and I came back to Scranton, I came back to Scranton. I started here in Scranton, and I resolved to bring Scranton values to bear. To make a fundamental shift in how our economy works for working people, to build the economy from the ground up, and the middle out, not from the top down. I’ve never known a time in the middle class has done well, the wealthy haven’t done very, very well. I’ve never known such a time.

So I’m here today to talk about what’s fundamentally at stake right now for the families and for our country. For most of the 20th century, we led the world by a significant margin, because we invested in our people. We invested in ourselves, not only in our roads, and our highways, and our bridges, but in our people and our families. We didn’t just build interstate eight highway system, we built a highway to the sky, to outer space. Also, we invested to win the space race, and we won. We’re also among the first to provide access to free education, beginning back in the late 1800s, early 1900s, we invested in our children. Does anybody think today if we were making that decision for the first time, we’d say 12 years is enough in the 21st century? 12 years is enough? It’ not. But back then they did, and it’s a reason why we leap ahead of the rest of the world. Not a joke. We became among the best educated countries in the world.

But somewhere along the way we stopped investing in ourselves. America is still the largest economy in the world. We still have the most productive workers in the world, and most innovative minds, but we risk losing our edges in nation. Our infrastructure used to be the best in the world. Not a joke; the best in the world. Today, according to the World Economic Forum, we ranked 13th in the world in terms of infrastructure, our roads, bridges, highways, internet, the whole works. 13th in the world. We used to lead the world in educational achievement. Today, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Europe ranks America 35 out of 37 major companies when it comes to investing in early childhood education, and talk about an equalizer. The greatest equalizer in the world. The great universities has done studies the last 15 years. You give a kid, no matter what the kid’s background; from a broken home, from a home where mom or dad, didn’t go to school, whatever, and you put them in school in third grade, school, not daycare, you increase by 56% the chance that they’ll complete 12 years of school, and build confidence.

What’s education all about? It’s about building confidence in a child. It’s about giving the tools to do something. We can’t be competitive in the 21st century economy, if we continue to slide the way we have. That’s why I resolve that we have to, once again, build America from the bottom up and the middle out. Again, not the top-down. And by the way, I’m a capitalist; I think if you can be a millionaire, a billionaire, fine, just do your fair share. Just do your fair share. Trickle down economics has always failed, it hadn’t built this country. You know who built this country, like the young man who just introduced me; union people, people who in fact can make a decent, hard wage, build the country.

It’s not hyperbole. I mean it from the bottom of my heart, that’s why I proposed two critical pieces of legislation that are being debated back in Washington. Now, there’s some really smart national press with me today, and they have understandably believed that there’s no possibility of my getting this done. This has been declared dead on arrival from the moment I introduced it, but I think we’re going to surprise them, because I think people are began in to figure out what’s at stake. You know, when I use the phrase, “Build Back Better,” it’s being used internationally. Now I got the G7, the largest countries in the world to agree that we’re going to have a Build Back Better world, and we’re going to invest, and we’re going to build around the world, the democracies and ability so the rest of the countries don’t fall prey to those like the Belt and Road initiative out of China and other initiatives where there’s, “I’ll do something for you, if you give me.” “If you give me.”

Folks, look, these bills are not about left versus right, or about moderate versus progressive, or anything that pits one American against another. These bills are about competitiveness versus complacency. They’re about expanding opportunity, not having opportunity denied. They’re about leading the world, and continue to let world, or let it pass us by. And by the way, they will not increase one single penny of the deficit; they are fully paid for, and all Wall Street points out, they will grow employment by tens of thousands of people. Tens of thousands of people. 17 Nobel laureates in the economy sent me a letter three weeks ago saying it will also reduce, not increase inflation.

And here’s what these initiatives are all about. First, the infrastructure bill. When I say, “Infrastructure” back home, people look like, “Infrastructure, what hell you talking about Joe?” They know infrastructure generically, but it’s about rebuilding the arteries of our economy. That’s what it’s about. Across this country right now, there are 45,000 bridges, according to Society of Engineers, 45,000, a significant portion of their ready to fall. Fall. Fall, and to the water or into the gap that they cover. There are 173 miles of roads in poor conditions that have to be built up, including more than 3,300 bridges, and over 7,500 miles of highways here in the state of Pennsylvania, that need to be repaired and built. Increase timing in commerce.

We’re going to put hard working Americans on the job to bring our infrastructure up to speed. Good union jobs, not $7 an hour or $15 an hour, but prevailing wage. A wage you can raise your family on, you can look at your family with pride. Jobs that can’t be outsourced. Jobs replacing lead water pipes, like you have here in the Scranton area. Kids getting brain damage because of the ingestion of lead. Clean water, all across America. We’re going to replace every single lead pipe in the nation, again, creating jobs, but doing more than that; increasing the health and wellbeing of our children. 44,000 schools are in a position where they’ve lead pipes. You send your kid to the water fountain, you got to wonder about it. Jobs laying thousands of miles of transmission lines and building a modern energy grid. Folks, we’re in a situation now where you see what’s happening. I’ve flown all over this country since becoming in, you realize more of our land has been burned to the ground, burned to the ground in the West, and the Northwest than the entire state of New Jersey, every single square mile in New Jersey, more has been burned down this year, this year, in the West because of climate change, and because of electric utilities failing, wires falling. We know if we can put these wires underground, we increase exponentially the service, but it costs a lot of money. We have to do it.

We know that we, in fact, allow people to be able to store, we have this incredible energy. I’ve visited one of the largest solar fields in America. It’s in the Southwest. Guess what? You can transmit all that energy enough to really light up half of the state of Nevada, but guess what? How do you transmit it? What lines do you put it over? Do we have the capacity to do that? We have the engineering capacity, but do we have the will to do it? And imagine what that does. Do you realize we had $ 90 billion and lost this calendar year because of natural disasters. $90 billion. Jobs, making sure there’s a high speed internet, affordable and available anywhere. Everywhere in America, including for nearly one in six families who go without internet.

You saw what’s happened when we’ve had this COVID. Try teaching from home. How many people do you see out in McDonald’s parking lots with their kids in their cars, because they get access to the internet, to be able to help the kid in school? What are we doing? This is the United States of America, damn it. What are we doing? And both these bills are going to help us meet the moment on the climate crisis in a way that creates good jobs makes us more economically competitive. $66 billion in passenger rail and freight rail. Why do I always talk about passenger rail and particularly high speed rail? Do you realize, that Chinese are now building another high speed rail line that will go up to 300 miles per hour. And you say, “What difference does that make, Biden?” Well, guess what? If you can get in the train, and go from here to Washington much faster than go on an automobile; you take a train. You take the train.

We will take literally millions of automobiles off the road. Off the road. Saving tens of millions of barrels of oil, dealing with cleaning up the air. This is not hyperbole, this is a fact. These are facts. Right now, when I went out to Silicon Valley, they showed we’re in a situation where, if you put solar panels on your roof, guess what? When the sun’s not shining, you’re in trouble, except they have now battery technology; you can have batteries in your basement about the size of the width of this-

So you can have batteries in your basement about the size of the width of this podium and about that thick that keep you going for seven days. So what do we have in this legislation? We have $39 billion to modernize American transit. I remember riding the trolley. I lived at the end of the line, as they say, in Green Ridge, three blocks at the end of the line. Beyond the end of the line we dumped, but Maloney Field was on the right. And the little league baseball field I played in was down the bottom of the hill. But the point is it made to work.

Most people live in cities. You know, the vast majority of people now, working people live in cities. Their jobs are out of town, no longer in town. No longer in town, but 65% do not own an automobile. They live in a black or Hispanic neighborhood or a poor neighborhood and all the time they waste trying to get to work. Look, more than $7 billion to build out the national network of electric vehicle charging stations. The way my grandpop got up here, my grandpop Biden, who died at Mercy Hospital of an aneurysm when he was 46-years-old, two months before I was born in Mercy Hospital, he was with the American Oil Company. He was up here opening up gas stations. That’s how he got here. This was 1942, late ’42. Well guess what? The same thing happens. We build these charging stations. What happens? Communities build up around them. You get everything from the figurative McDonald’s or the Dunkin Donuts to the drugstore and $21 billion for environmental cleanup and remediation. Look, it means putting people to work in a good job for prevailing wages, capping hundreds of thousands of abandoned wells in Southeastern Pennsylvania and in Ohio. Get the same salary that you paid the mine worker to dig the well. They’ve got to be kept. We have thousands of them need to be kept. In addition to that, we have methane leaks that are all over and you all understand in Pennsylvania about that. But guess what? Increases the health of the community and provides good paying jobs. My plan also makes historic investment in clean energy, including a tax credit for people that do things like winterize their homes, install solar panels, develop clean energy products, help businesses produce more clean energy. It’s real. I promise you.

I won’t be around to see it, but I promise you, your kids are going to see a time when they’re not in fact generating any energy from the homes here in Scranton other than renewable energy. Not a joke. And by the way, one of the things that the president put me in charge of … I want to be clear here. President Obama put me in charge of when I was vice president. I was able to invest in that legislation that we put together, I put together. We brought down the price of solar and wind cheaper than coal and cheaper than oil on a BTU basis. It’s cheaper.

Coal built this town in this part of the country, but we’ve got to provide other avenues for people to make the same kind of living they used to be able to make. Look, all told, I just said, this project is going to save literally hundreds of millions of barrels of oil annually, but folks here in Pennsylvania know the cost of inaction when it comes to climate change. Extreme weather has cost this state $10 billion over the last decade. And nationally, as I said, extreme other conditions cost $99 billion last year. And I flew over all of his territory in a helicopter in Marine One. Not a joke.

See it. See reservoirs that are down 60, 80 feet. Concerned about the Colorado River, whether or not we’re going to be able to keep things moving. Not a joke. It’s real. This is serious stuff. And so it’s not going to ease up on its own. We have to invest in our resilience. Building roads higher. When I say Build Back Better, we’re the only country in the world historically that’s gone through a crisis and has come out at the other end better than before the crisis hit. That’s who we are as Americans. Not a joke. Think about it. From those of you who teach history. Think about it.

We come out better than it was before because we don’t give up. We invest. We trust our instincts. So that’s what I’m talking about. You know, we need more stronger levees, stronger power grids, more durable, able to withstand ever-increasing ferocity and intensity of extreme weather. Any road, it used to be, you have a catastrophe and the road gets washed out, you build it back to what it was before. You can’t build it back to the same standard. You’ve got to build the road back literally higher. Not a joke. Because the weather has already changed. And if we don’t do something before we reach 1.5 degrees Celsius, we’re in trouble.

Look, we haven’t passed a major infrastructure bill for decades in this country. In the last four years, you hear every month is infrastructure month. Didn’t do a single damn thing. Nothing. I mean, nothing for four years. We can’t afford to sit while other countries pass us by. We’re going to breathe new life into the economy and our workforce. And here’s the deal. These jobs that we are going to create for people who are too often left out and left behind.

The vast majority of the jobs in my infrastructure bill don’t require a four-year degree. 98% don’t require a four-year degree. Guess what though? It’s the ultimate blue collar-blue collar middle-class renewal, real serious work that needs to get done. Folks, it isn’t enough just to invest in our physical infrastructure. We also have to invest in our people, which we always did. We invested in our people. That’s why the second bill is the so-called Build Back Better Plan and here’s what it does. It takes education.

As I said, when American made 12 years of public education standard a century go, it gave us the best educated, best prepared workforce in the world and you saw what happened. Think about what happened after World War I and how America moved because we were the best educated overall country in the world. And we led in the 20th century. But as I said earlier, we know that 12 years is not enough any longer to compete in the 21st century. Study after study shows that earlier our children began to learn, the better for themselves, their families, and for the nation.

You know you all know the statistics and some of your teachers and your husband used to talk to me about this. And it was really basic, that if you come from a home where the mom or dad have books on the shelf and on the coffee table and read, and you come from a home where mom or dad can’t read, or has a 6th grade education, or has a little difficulty, the child coming from a middle-class home is going to have heard a million more words spoken. Not different words, spoken, spoken than the child coming from a middle-class home.

And that’s because, look, what do you all do? You all know with your children and grandchildren. You start talking to them when they’re in the cradle. You engage them. They’re the people who sit at the dinner table and still talk, they’re engaged. So many homes, mothers or fathers don’t have the capacity or inclination to do that. But right now, what are we doing? We’re lagging behind. Today only about half of the three and four-year-olds in America are enrolled in early education at all. Germany, France, the UK, Latvia, their numbers over 90% of the children. It’s not just early education.

According to one study, we ranked 12th among advanced economies when it comes to percentage of our young people who have attained any sort of post-high school degree. Ranked 12th in the world. The Build Back Better plan gets us back on track. We’ll make two years of high-quality preschool available to every child in America, every child. We make investments in education beyond high school that includes increasing Pell grants, which nearly 200,000 students in Pennsylvania from low-income families rely on to attend college. We’re going to increase it by $500 up to so it becomes $1,900.

The bill invests in our workforce providing much needed breathing room for families. I remember we moved to Wilmington. We finally were able after four years, dad could buy a house and we lived in “a development.” It was a lovely area in a suburban area, but it was a three bedroom split level home. And we had four kids and my grandpop who lived with us or another relative for all those years we lived there. I didn’t have a headboard, but my bed was up against the wall. My dad and mom’s bed was up against the wall.

I look back, it was great for us having grandpop’s and relatives there. I don’t know how my parents quite did it, but I remember one night, I’m serious, I was in high school and I could see, I could feel my dad was restless. He would move and I could hear it in bed. And I asked the next morning and asked my mom. It’s a true story. I said, “What’s the matter with dad, ma?” “He said he got bad news, honey. His company just said they’re no longer going to pay for health insurance.” Well, guess what? My dad just said, “Everybody’s entitled. All we’re looking for is just a little breathing room. Just a little bit of extra room. A little breathing room.”

How can we compete in the world of millions of American parents, especially moms who can’t join the workforce because they can’t afford the cost of childcare or elder care, or they have to stay home? I heard my colleagues speaking before I did. Here in Pennsylvania, the average annual cost of childcare for your toddler is $11,400. It’s higher in other places. So the average two-parent family with two young kids spends 22% of their income for childcare every year. I was a single dad for five years. I got elected to the Senate, I got a phone call before I got sworn in when I was hiring staff saying my wife and daughter had just been killed, and my two boys were seriously injured. They were hospitalized for a long time.

So that’s why I eventually started commuting, but I continued to commute because I could no more afford and I was making a lot of money then. Now, granted, I was listed for 36 years the poorest man in Congress, but I was making $42,000 a year. I didn’t think my job was to make money when I was in Congress, but this is not a joke. I could no more for childcare than fly, but fortunately I had a hell of a family, those values I talked about.

My sister and her husband after a little bit, they gave up their home, I came home one night and they moved into my home, helped me raise my kids. Five years later, no man deserves one great love, let alone two. Five years later when I met and married Jill, I came home after the wedding they had moved out. My brother, Jimmy, my best friend, my mother, they all helped me take care of my kids. I couldn’t have done it so I understand. How in God’s name do people make it? If you look at the world of advanced economics those with advanced economies, in each of those countries, they invest an average of $14,000 per year in state-sponsored child toddler care. American invests $500, 28 times less than our competitors.

Here’s what it does to our economy. You all know it. 30 years ago, we ranked 7th in the world among advanced economies and the share of women in the workforce. Today in America, we ranked 23rd and women are becoming, not a joke, better educated than men. If you look at and I do about five college commencements a year. For those five, the valedictorian out of those classes for the last 10 years has been a woman. If you read the data now, we’re worried about the number of men attending college.

Once again, our competitors investing, we’re standing still. My Build Back Better Plan is designed to get us moving again. Look, it’s going to cut the cost of childcare for most Pennsylvania families in half. No middle income family will pay more than 7% of their income on childcare under my proposal, 7%. It’s going to help more people get back to work in the workforce and make ends meet. It’s also going to extend the historic middle-class tax cut for parents. Everybody talks about … And by the way, I’m going to say something self- serving, but I got on pretty well in the Senate for all those years. A lot of Republican friends as well as democratic friends for real. Kind of like Bobby. I mean, they’re friends. We used to travel together a lot.

And here’s the deal though. You know what I was able to do when we passed the American Rescue Plan in the first month of my administration, which has allowed us to have all the funding for COVID. And when I started off, there were two million people in America that had gotten a vaccine. Well, guess what? We’re up to 190 million. That’s how we got paid for, but here’s the deal. What it meant was, what it meant was that right now there’s a whole new attitude that’s out there. How do we not invest? So in that act that we passed, we provided for a child tax credit and you heard my introducer speak to it. Because we were in such dire straits-

Speak to it because we’re in such dire straits. We are able to put in a position a tax cut for middle class people. That’s what it is. No one has a tax cut. We want to cut the capital gains tax for the wealthy or anybody. No one has a problem when we deal with that. We have over 55 corporations America, the Fortune 500 don’t pay a single solitary penny in taxes, not one cent, not one cent and make $40 billion a year. But when you talk about a tax cut for middle class people, and that’s exactly what it is, by what we did increasing or making a refundable tax cut, the way it works now, if you’re made enough money to owe more than $4,000 in taxes, and you had two kids, you got to deduct it and here’s the deal. The fact of the matter is that if you didn’t make that kind of money, you didn’t get the benefit at all. It wasn’t refundable. You didn’t get the benefit at all of the tax cut because if you didn’t have more than $4,000 in taxes, you still paid and it wasn’t refundable. You didn’t get it back.

Well, here’s the way we work it. We said, all right, for temporarily, we’re going to do is make sure there’s a childcare tax credit. If you had one kid under seven, you get $3,600 a year, and if you have one over seven to 17, you get $3000 a year. We upped from 2, 000. Well, guess what? It’s cut child poverty in Pennsylvania by 55%, in the nation by 50%. it’s a flat out tax cut for ordinary people. That’s what it does. I make no apologies for it.

But look, folks, there’s so many things that we can do to change the way in which we work all of this and I’m realizing I’m going on here, but the fact is there’s so much at stake. So much at stake. Look, the fact is that most of all, what it does is we have a sandwich generation that exists and many of you are part of that generation. You have a mom or dad needs some help that you get older and you have a child that needs some help if you’re going to be able to be in the workforce and it’s hard to hell, hard as hell to make it work. You got to give these folks a little bit of breathing room. The single greatest champion for elder care in the United States of America is this guy right here, Bobby Casey, not a joke, not a joke.

The way it works right now, if you qualify for Medicaid, you have to have a lower income to qualify for Medicaid, not Medicare, Medicaid. There are 820, 000 seniors, people with disabilities who are on Medicaid on a waiting list to get home care, which they’re entitled to. How many families are living this story? Your parents get older. They need some help getting around the house, making the meals for themselves. Don’t want to put them in nursing homes, not only because of the cost, but because of a matter of dignity. They do better. They live longer if they can stay in their own home, but you also don’t have the time or the money to take care of them at home to do it. So you’re just looking for an answer so your parents can keep living independently.

Hold here a second. One of the things that is important, think about this. In order to get into that nursing home, you got to sell everything you have. You can’t have any private property. You have to empty your bank account. You have to do it all to move in a nursing home. I’m not saying nursing homes aren’t valuable. They are. They’re extremely valuable, but that’s not where I remember my uncle was moved in with his wife into a assisted living center and the folks who had built the facility, it was a lovely facility in Delaware, asked if I’d come and speak on the opening of it. We’re walking out and I said, mom, isn’t this beautiful. She looked at me, she was then 76 years old, she said, this is for old people, Joey. Not for me, but think about it. For millions of families, this is the most important issue they’re facing. It’s personal, it’s personal and Bob Casey gets it. When Bobby fights for something, he never gives up in case you haven’t noticed.

So here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to expand services for seniors so families can get help with well trained, well paid professionals, to help them take care of their parents at home, to cook a meal for them, to get them their groceries when they need to get groceries, to help them get around, to just put in railings on their home. When my mom lived with me, she moved in with me, we finally talked her into doing it. And guess what? My sister takes her up. You remember this. Gene remembers this talking about this too. She takes her up to get her prescriptions, drives her back, gets out of the house. It was this little home off of our home. She wouldn’t move in, physically move into the house, even though we had done the whole thing over for her, and she’s just standing there and moves and breaks her hip. She didn’t trip or anything, broke her hip. Well guess what? Just having a railing, just having a place where she could walk from one room to the other and to help them in their own home with the dignity they deserve.

Quite frankly, what we found is that this is more popular than anything else I’m proposing. When you do this individual polling data, this is extremely popular because we all feel that obligation to our parents and we want them to live with dignity, but because American people understand the need. It’s a matter of dignity. It’s a matter of pride. Look, that’s what both these initiatives are all about. Frankly, they’re about more than giving working families a break. They’re about position in our country to compete in the long haul.

Economists, left, right and center agree, early this year, the Wall Street outfit Moody’s projected that the investments I’m talking about will create for the next 20 years on average two million additional jobs per year, good paying jobs. It’s transformative, and we can make these transformation investments and be fiscally responsible. Take the infrastructure bill, all those investments, road, bridges, high speed rail, internet, the whole deal, they represent less than one half of 1% of our economic growth each year, less than one half of 1%. the cost of the billback better bill in terms of adding to the deficit is 0, 0, 0, because we’re going to pay for it all. In addition to that, half of it is a tax cut. It’s not spending money. It’s a tax cut for working class people.

It’s about time, as I said, and I come from the corporate state of the world, not a joke. More corporations are in register in my state than every other state in the United States combined, and I represented the state of DuPont as used to call it for 36 years. I’m not anti-business, but I’m about just begin pay your fair share. Look, folks, under this proposal and under this proposal, these proposals I’m talking about, I guarantee you that no one making under $400,000 a year will see one single penny in tax go up. Not one. In fact, the plan cuts taxes from working people.

By the way, if you notice the way you usually pay for infrastructure is by gasoline taxes. I wouldn’t allow that because that would tax people making under 400,000. I’m a man of my word. Not one single penny when you pay, if you make less than $400,000. If there’s no reason, there’s no reason why someone making $400 million a year. By the way, during all the crisis we’ve had with COVID, there’s a absolute finite number of billionaires they can count up in the tax code. You know how much money the billionaires made last year collectively? They’re not bad guy. I’m saying that. They made $1 trillion, increased their collective income, $1 trillion, just paying fair share.

If you are a multi-millionaire or billionaire, you have a lower tax rate than a family that has a teacher and a firefighter as a percent of taxes, you pay lower. So I said, 55, our largest corporations paid zero in income tax, $40 billion. This needs to change. Working folks understand that that’s why that despite the tax and misinformation about my plans are still overwhelmingly supported by the American people. They understand that when families have a little breathing room, America’s in a better spot and they know this is about dignity and respect about building an economy from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down. As I said, name a time in American history when the middle class is done well, the wealthy haven’t done very well. Name me a time.

So let me close with this. For too long working people of this nation, the middle class of this country, the backbone of the country have been dealt out. It’s time to deal them back in. I ran for President. I ran for President saying it’s time to rebuild the backbone of the nation, and by that I was very precise. The middle class has been the backbone of this nation. I couldn’t have been any clearer. That’s why I wrote both these bills in the first place and took them to the people. I campaigned on them. The American people spoke. They have no doubt about what I ran on.

Both these bills were all what I talked about, but guess what? 81 million people voted for me. More people voted than any time in American history and their voices deserve to be heard, not you denied or worse, be ignored because here’s what I know. If we make the investments, there’s going to be no stopping America the remainder of the 21st century. I’ve long said, and I mean this to every world leader I’ve known, and I’ve now spoken to over 60 of them, and I’ve known many of them before that. I tell them it’s never, ever, ever been a good bet to bet against America. No, never, never, never, which means it’s always a good bet to bet on America. That’s what these initiatives do. They bet on America. It’s about leaving in American people, about believing, about believing.

Just look at the history of the journey of this nation. What becomes clear is this, given half a chance, half a chance the American people have never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever let the country down, just a fighting chance. No guarantees, just a chance and that’s what this is all about, and it does not increase the debt. When you talk about the number, we shouldn’t even talk about the numbers because it’s all paid for, written in the same piece of legislation. So you’re pass the spending, you’re also passing the tax cuts and you’re passing the taxes are going to be increased. Scranton, thanks for always treating me so nicely. I really mean it. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you.On this 9/11, like every 9/11, I’m thinking about my friend Davis, who I grew up with in Delaware. On this day 20 years ago, he and his family had just passed the first year without their youngest of three sons, Teddy, who died in a boating accident at age 15. And his eldest son, Davis Jr., was just six days into the new job, on the 104th floor of the South Tower, the World Trade Center. Davis went straight to ground zero to search for his son. They searched deep into the last inning of hope, as he put it. A few days later, I spoke with Davis, and talked as fathers who know. I was on my way to speak to the students at the University of Delaware about what to make of the new world we were in. He told me to tell people, quote, “Don’t be afraid.” He said, tell them, “Don’t be afraid.”

The absolute courage it took after two unimaginable losses is extraordinary, yet the most ordinary of American things. To know life can be unfair and uncertain, a cruel twist of accident or deliberate act of evil. But, even in darkness to still be the light. To the families of the 2,977 people from more than 90 nations killed on September 11th, 2001 in New York city, Arlington, Virginia, and Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and the thousand more who were injured, America and the world commemorate you and your loved ones, the pieces of your soul. We honor all those who risked and gave their lives in the minutes, hours, months, and years afterwards. The firefighters, police officers, EMTs and construction workers and doctors and nurses, faith leaders, service members, veterans, and all of the everyday people who gave their all to rescue, recover and rebuild.

But, it’s so hard whether it’s the first year or the 20th. Some of them have grown up without parents, and parents have suffered without children. Husbands and wives have had to find ways forward without their partners in their life with them. Brothers and sisters, uncles and aunts, loved ones and friends that have had to celebrate birthdays and milestones with a hole in their heart. No matter how much time has passed, and these commemorations bring everything painfully back, as if you just got the news, a few seconds ago. And so on this day, Jill and I hold you close in our hearts and send you our love.

For people around the world that you’ll never know who are suffering through their own losses who see you, your courage, your courage gives them courage that they, too, can get up and keep going. We hope that 20 years later, the memory of your beloved brings a smile to your lips, even while still bringing a tear to your eye. The days that’s followed September 11th, 2001, we saw heroism everywhere, in places expected and unexpected. We also saw something all too rare, a true sense of national unity. Unity and resilience, the capacity to recover and repair in the face of trauma. Unity and service, the 9/11 generation is stepping up to serve and protect the face of terror, to get those terrorists who were responsible, to show everyone seeking to do harm to America, that we will hunt you down, and we will make you pay.

That will never stop, today, tomorrow, ever, from protecting America. Yet, we also witnessed the darker forces of human nature: fear and anger, resentment and violence against Muslim Americans, true and faithful followers of a peaceful religion. We saw a national unity bend. We learned that unity is the one thing that must never break. Unity is what makes us who we are, America at its best. To me, that’s the central lesson of September 11th. It’s that at our most vulnerable in the push and pull of all that makes us human and the battle for the soul of America, unity is our greatest strength.

Unity doesn’t mean we have to believe the same thing. We must have a fundamental respect and faith in each other and in this nation. We are unique in the history of the world because we’re the only nation based on an idea, an idea that everyone is created equal and should be treated equally throughout their lives. That is the task before us, to once again, lead not just by the example of our power, but by the power of our example, and I know we can. For I know hope is not simply an expectation. Hope is a conviction. Hope allows us to act with courage, to act and honor those we lost 20 years ago and those who have given their whole souls to the cause of this nation every day since. To act and build a future, not a reactionary one or one based on fear, but a future of promise, strength, and grace worthy of their dreams and sacrifice. And to act and keep the faith that while life is fragile, it is truly something wonderful.

We find strength in its broken places, as Hemingway wrote. We find light in the darkness. We find purpose to repair, renew, and rebuild. And as my friend told me that September 20 years ago, we must not be afraid. May God bless you all. May God bless the lives lost on September 11th, 2001 and their loved ones that were left behind. May God protect our troops.Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.

Folks, being president of the United States, you are afforded many opportunities to try to express your love, commitment, and admiration for the America people. And I must say to you that the single greatest honor I have been afforded as president is to stand before so many of you, those Medal of Honor winners out there, and talk about Veterans Day and veterans.

I want to welcome all the cabinet members and honored guests joining us today, including the father of our secretary of state who served in the Army Air Corps during World War II, Ambassador Donald Blinken, whose birthday is today. Happy birthday.

Thank you for your service to our country. And I just want to tell you, I know you’re a little younger than I am, but you know I’ve adopted the attitude of the great Negro at the time pitcher in the Negro Leagues, he went on to become a great pitcher in the pros, in Major League Baseball after Jackie Robinson, his name was Satchel Page. And Satchel Page on his 47th birthday pitched a win against Chicago, and all the press went in and said, “Satch, It’s amazing. 47-years-old. No one’s ever, ever pitched a win at age 47. How do you feel about being 47?”

He said, “Boys, that’s not how I look at it.”

He said, “How do you look at it, Satch?”

He said, “I look at it this way. How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you were?” I’m 50-years old and the ambassador’s 47.

But all kidding aside, Mr. Ambassador, thank you for your service during World War II, as well as your service as an ambassador. And thank you for raising such a fine man, Tony Blinken, our secretary of state.

To all our veterans past and present, we thank you, we honor you, and we remember always what you’ve done for us. I’d like to recognize one of our national heroes who is here today, Medal of Honor recipient, Mr. Brian Thacker. During the Vietnam War, then First Lieutenant Thacker put the safety of his fellow troops above his own, providing cover fire against an attacking enemy and even calling in artillery fire on his own position so our forces had a better chance to withdrawal.

Wounded, unable to leave the area, he evaded capture for eight days until finally friendly forces retook the position. Yours is a remarkable story. It’ll never be forgotten.

I’ll also never forget the stories of American leaders and icons we’ve lost recently who shaped our nation in ways that are hard to measure. I’ve lost, like many of you, three good friends in the last month, General Colin Powell, a child of immigrants who grew up to be a joint chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the secretary of state. A man, who was a friend, but who earned the universal respect of Americans and people for his leadership in uniform and out.

And a guy who became good friends and many times I was in and out of Iraq as a vice president and a senator, General Ray Odierno, who went out multiple times in Iraq, and who did so much to help get us where we are today, and who always put the troops and his veterans first. It was an honor that my son Major Biden served under his command at the time.

And my friend and colleague who was mentioned already, United States Senator max Cleland, who as a triple amputee, knew the cost of war as well as anyone could ever know it, and went on to champion the dignity and care of Americans and wounded veterans throughout his life.

We lost all three of these incredible veterans in the last several weeks. And our hearts go out to their families. These are stories that inspire generation after generation of Americans to step forward to defend our nation. And today we pay homage to the unrelenting bravery and dedication that distinguishes all those who’ve earned and the title of American veteran.

It’s an honor that not only a small percentage Americans can claim, and one that marks those who are able to claim it as brothers and sisters, it’s a badge of courage that unites across all ages, regardless of background, because to be a veteran is to have endured and survived challenges that most Americans will never know.

You’ve come through trials and testing, brave dangers and deprivations, faced down tragic realities of war and death. And you’ve done it for us. You’ve done it for America, to defend and serve American values, to protect our country and our constitution against all enemies, and to lay a stronger, more secure foundation on which future generations can continue to build a more perfect union.

Each of our veterans is a link in a proud chain of patriots that have stood in the defense of our country from Bunker Hill to Belleau Woods, Gettysburg, to Iwo Jima, Chosin Reservoir to  Valley.

Each, each understood the price of freedom, and each shouldered that burden on our behalf. Our veterans represent the best of America. You are the very spine of America, not just the backbone, you’re the spine of this country. And all of us, all of us owe you.

And so on Veterans Day, and every day we honor that great debt and recommit ourselves to keeping our sacred obligation as a nation to honor what you’ve done.

We have many obligations, to our children, to our elderly, to those truly in need, but I’ve gotten in trouble way back when I was a young senator for saying, “We only have one truly sacred obligation. We have many obligations, one truly sacred obligation, to properly prepare those and equip those who we send into harm’s way, and care for them and their families while they’re both deployed, and when they return home.”

This is a lifetime sacred commitment. It never expires. And for me, and for Jill, and for the entire Biden family it’s personal. When Beau was deployed to Iraq after spending six months in Kosovo as an assistant US attorney, trying to help set up a criminal justice system, I got a call from him one day. He said, “Dad, what are you doing Friday?”

And I said, “What do you need ?”

And then said, “I’d like you to pin my bars on.”

I said, “What and the heck have you done?”

He said, “Someone’s got to finish these wars dad.”

True story. Jill and I learned what it meant to pray every day for the safe return of someone you love; so many of you have done that. Our grandkids learned what it meant to have their dad overseas in the war zone instead of back at home for a year, tucking them into bed and reading that story every night. Thousands of Americans, tens of thousands have had that experience.

As the English poet, John Milton wrote, “They also serve to only stand wait,” all the mothers and father, sons and daughters, spouses, all those who stand alongside our veterans and their families, as caregivers, survivors, you are the solid steel spine that bears up under every burden, the courageous heart that rises every challenge. We’ve asked so much of you for so long. And our nation is grateful.

For two decades the lives of our service members and their families and veterans have been shaped by the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Since 9/11, hundreds of thousands of Americans have served, so many are still serving today in harm’s way, and we cannot forget them.

The American people are forever grateful and in awe of what you’ve accomplished. But in fulfilling their mission so many veterans in families and caregivers have been through hell, some facing deployment after deployment, spending months and years away from their families, missing birthdays, anniversaries and collections.

I remember one of the last times I flew into Iraq, in the so-called, “Silver bullet,” I remember walking up to the cockpit, and the crew masters along when the pilots were up there and I said, “How many of you is this your first tour?” No one raised their hand, there were five people. Second tour? No one raised their hand. Third tour? Two raised their hand. Fourth tour? Two raised their hand. Fifth? One raised their hand.

Folks on Veterans Day we have to always remember that there’s nothing low-risk or low-cost about war for the women and men who fight it. I carry with me in my pocket every single day, I have my  just to check with the Defense Department, in the back of my schedule, I have US daily troops in Afghanistan killed and wounded, US daily troops in the Iraq killed and wounded. 52,323, not roughly 53,000, every one of these individuals has a family, a unit at home. 53,323 American service men and women wounded in the conflicts of Iraq and Afghanistan, 7,074 gave their life, the last full measure of devotion.

Untold thousands more return home, as our secretary can tell you, with unseen psychological wounds of war. The enduring grief worn by our gold star families.

These are the cost of war that they’ll carry and we’ll carry as a nation for decades to come. And all veterans, service members, their families, caregivers, survivors, I want you to know that our administration is going to meet the sacred obligation that we owe you. We’re going to work with Congress, Republicans and Democrats together, to make sure our veterans receive the world class benefits that they’ve earned, and meet the sacred and specific care, specific needs that they each individually need.

That means expanding presumptive conditions for toxic exposure, particulate matter, including Agent Orange and burn pits. We’re going to keep pushing on this front to be more nimble and responsive, reviewing all the data and evidence to determine additional presumptive conditions that make sure our veterans don’t have to wait to get the care they need.

It also means prioritizing mental health care that’s necessary to treat invisible wounds that so many of our veterans is carry, including pursuing our newly released comprehensive public health strategy to reduce military and veteran suicides.

I want to say clearly to all our veterans, if you’re struggling, you’re so used to never asking for anything, if you’re struggling, reach out, call Veterans Crisis Line. Having trouble thinking about things, it’s no different than if you had a wound in your arm. And it’s also making sure that the growing population of women and LGBTQ+ veterans receive appropriate services and support.

As we continue our efforts to defeat the pandemic and build back better, it means keeping the needs of veterans front and center. The American Rescue Plan included $17 billion to support VA’s COVID-19 response, to get vaccination and vaccine shots in arms as fast as possible.

And the fund programs that provide rapid retraining assistance for veterans who may have lost their jobs in the pandemic, housing assistance, debt forgiveness, and to invest in improving VA facilities and the living conditions of vulnerable veterans.

Through Jill’s work of Joining Forces we’re also working to support our veterans and military families, survivors, and caregivers, so they can have what they need to thrive. They deserve it.

A Secretary McDonough noted, this Veterans Day also marks the centennial of one of the most hallowed American monuments, the Tomb of the Unknowns. 100 years ago today, an American soldier of the first world war, as the tomb says, “Known but to God,” completed the voyage from an unidentified battlefield in France over the rough Atlantic seas, here to Arlington National Cemetery. He lay in state under the Capitol rotunda for two days on the same plinth that held the body of Lincoln as 90,000 Americans can pay respects.

On the final leg of his journey, he was escorted from the Capitol by the president of the United States, the chief justice of the Supreme Court, members of Congress, General Pershing, and the chiefs of staff, medal of honor recipients all walking, as the Washington Post said, “Processing without parallel to give honor due to American service men.” Not just the anonymous soul today in tomb in gleaming marble, but the generations of Americans who dared all, risked all, gave all for the cause of freedom.

To commemorate and the wounds, in the words of the member of Congress who proposed the legislation creating the memorial, an American warrior, quote, this is the quote, “Typifies the soul of America.” You veterans, the soul of America; America’s soul.

It’s why our veterans have always fought, always have been willing to put themselves on the line, that the first unknown lies now with his brethren, unnamed wars from later wars, fellow patriots who picked up the mantel of honor and made it their burden.

But today, 100 years later, we keep a sacred watch over their graves. Generations of elite sentinels have taken the post pledging their eternal vigilance. We lay wreaths, we renew our oath, we stand in solemn awe of such fidelity, because for us to keep faith with American veterans, we must never forget exactly what was given us; what each of them is willing put on the line for us.

We must never forget that it is the mighty arm of the American warrior, never bending, never breaking, never yielding, generation after generation has secured for us the blessings of a nation that still stands today as a beacon of liberty, democracy, and justice around the world.

God bless you all. God bless all American veterans, those who proudly earn that title. And may God protect our troops. Thank you.Just look at the facts. CEOs used to make about 20 times the average worker in the company that they ran. Today, they make more than 350 times what the average worker in their corporation makes. Since the pandemic began, billionaires have seen their wealth go up by $1.8 trillion. That is, everyone who was a billionaire before the pandemic began, the total accumulated wealth beyond the billions they already had has gone up by $1.8 trillion. Simply not fair. And how is it possible that 55 of the largest corporations in this country paid $0 in federal income taxes. They made over 40 billion in the year 2020, and they paid zero. Think about that. $0 in federal taxes on 40 billion in profits. How is it possible that the wealthiest billionaires in the country can entirely escape paying income tax on what they’ve made? How is it possible for millionaires and billionaires that can pay a lower rate of tax than teachers, firefighters, or law enforcement officers?

Here’s the simple truth, for a long time this economies were great for those at the very top. Ordinary, hardworking Americans, the people who built this country, had been basically cut out of the deal. And I’ve said this from the time I announced I was going to run. I believe this is a moment, a potentially great change. This is our moment to deal working people back into the economy. This is our moment to prove the American people that their government works for them, not just for the big corporations and those at the very top. When I was sworn in as president, the nation was struggling to pull out of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. Job growth was anemic with just over 60,000 new jobs per month in the three months before I was sworn in. Then we went to work and passed the American Rescue Plan back in March, and it worked and still working.

Over the last three months, we’ve been creating on average 750,000 new jobs per month. Our economy is growing at the fastest rate we’ve seen in nearly 40 years. Our recovery is unique in the world. We’re the only developed country in the world whose economy is now bigger than it was before the pandemic. While this is all good news, I know many Americans are still struggling to make it through each and every day. For too many it’s harder and harder to pay the bills, food, gas, rent, healthcare. I get it. We still have a long way to go to get the economy where it needs to be. As I’ve said for a long time, coming out of this economic crisis as deep as the one we’re in was never going to be easy, but we’re doing it and we can continue to do it. COVID supply chain issues, bad actors seeking to profit off the pandemic are all contributing to the challenges we’re facing.

That’s why I’ve made getting COVID under control my top priority from my first day as president. Everything, everything from our public health or our economy depends on this. We’ve made enormous progress against the virus through the summer. And now we put ourselves in a strong position to battle this Delta variant. That’s why the actions I proposed on vaccines last week are so critical. From requiring federal workers to get vaccinated, requiring healthcare workers to be vaccinated, requiring employers with over 100 employees to institute vaccine and or test protocols calling on for them to be able to know what their employees are doing before they walk through the door. Calling for vaccine or test requirements to enter big venues. And a whole series of steps I posed to protect our kids in schools. Wall Street firms have analyzed the impact of these plans, and they’re projecting that these new requirements will help 12 million more Americans get vaccinated, which will help more businesses stay open and more Americans back to work.

The data shows that overwhelming majority of Americans agree with my proposal, there’s no surprise given that 76% of American adults have already gotten at least one shot. But we’re facing a lot of pushback, especially from some of the Republican governors. The governors of Florida and Texas are doing everything they can to undermine the life saving requirements that I proposed. And some of the same governors attacking me are in states with the strictest vaccine mandates for children attending school in the entire country. For example, in Mississippi, children are required to be vaccinated against measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox, hepatitis B, polio, tetanus and more. These are state requirements. But in the midst of a pandemic that has already taken over 660,000 lives, I proposed requirement for COVID vaccines, and the governor of that state calls it quote, a tyrannical type move, a tyrannical type move. This is the worst kind of politics, because it’s putting the lives of citizens of their states, especially children at risk, and I refuse to give into it.

These policies are what the science tells us we need to do. They’re going to save lives. They’ll protect our economic recovery as well and allow the economy to continue to grow. We’re also going after the bad actors and pandemic profiteers in our economy. There’s lots of evidence that gas prices should be going down, but they haven’t. We’re taking a close look at that. Taxpayers in this country also have paid for extraordinary effort to keep our country going over the past year or so. Unlike the last administration, which resisted oversight and allowed tax payers to be victimized by fraud, we’re working hard to protect vulnerable Americans from having their identity stolen. As a consequence, their unemployment checks stolen as well. And we’re going to go after organized criminals that defraud America or misused COVID funds. Look, we’re also taking a closer look at places in our economy where fewer and fewer corporate giants are controlling more and more of the marketplace in the area they work.

Just look at agriculture and the food industry. A very small number of giant corporations now dominate the market, which gives them the ability to drive up prices because they face so little competition. As we work to build healthier competition in our economy and crack down on bad actors, the American Rescue Plan, which we passed in March, is still working to give hardworking Americans, hardworking people some relief. One of the best examples of that relief is the expansion of the Child Tax Credit, which in effect is essentially a historic tax cut for families with children. Just yesterday, 39 million working moms and dads got their direct payment. That money’s going to help cover groceries, the mortgage, new pairs of shoes, all the things that kids need. It’s a tax cut for working families. So we’re working to provide as much relief as we can right now to American families.

But here’s the truth. Yes, the pandemic has caused a lot of economic problems in the country, but the fact is our economy faced challenges long before this pandemic struck. Working people were struggling to make it long before the pandemic arrived. Big corporations and the very wealthy were doing very well before the pandemic. That’s why I’ve said starting back in my campaign for president, that it’s not enough to just build back, we have to build back better than before. And that’s how it all begins. Big corporations and super wealthy have to start paying their fair share of taxes. It’s long overdue. I’m not out to punish anyone. I’m a capitalist. If you can make a million or a billion dollars, that’s great. God bless you. All I’m asking is you pay your fair share. Pay your fair share, just like middle class folks do. But that isn’t happening now. Today in this country right now, the top 1%, for example, evade an estimated a 160 billion in taxes that they owe each year.

Not new taxes, taxes that they owe. The way it works is this. If you’re a typical American, like I suspect most of the press people sitting in front of me here, you pay your taxes. Why? Because you get a W2 form. It comes in the mail every year. The IRS gets that information as well. Your taxes get deducted from your paycheck and you pay what is owed beyond that. That’s why 99% of working people pay the taxes they owe. But that’s not how it works for people with tens of millions of dollars. They play by a different set of rules, and they’re often not employees themselves. So the IRS can’t see what they make and can’t tell if they’re cheating. That’s how many, the top 1% get away with paying virtually nothing. It’s estimated by serious economists that that number is about $160 billion collectively owed each year that doesn’t get paid.

It’s not an even playing field. My plan would help solve that. For example, it would give the IRS the resources it needs to keep up with the lawyers and accountants of the super wealthy. It would ask just for two pieces of information from the banks of these folks, the amounts that come into their bank accounts and what amounts go out of their bank accounts, so that the wealthy can no longer hide what they’re making and they can finally begin to pay their fair share what they owe. That isn’t about raising their taxes. It’s about the super wealthy finally beginning to pay what they owe, what the existing tax code calls for, just like hardworking Americans do all over this country every tax day. Look, and like I said just a few minutes ago, 55 most profitable corporations in America paid zero in federal income taxes on what amounted to 40 billion in profit. Not a penny.

That’s not right. My economic plan will change that. Not punish anybody, just make them pay their fair share. But my Republican friends in Congress don’t want to change the law. So what are they doing? They’re attacking me and my plan, which is fine. But if you’re going to have a debate, let’s have an honest debate. My Republican friends are attacking my plan saying it’s big spending. Let me remind you, these are the same folks who just four years ago passed the Trump tax cut totaling almost 2 trillion in tax cuts, a giant giveaway to the largest corporations in the top 1%. And listen to this, almost none of that $2 trillion tax cut was paid for, it just ballooned the federal deficit. In fact, the unpaid bills racked up by the last administration are projected to increase the national debt by more than $8 trillion over time.

What I’m proposing is totally different from that approach for three reasons. First, my plan is paid for. It’s fiscally responsible. Because our investments are paid for by making sure the corporations and wealthy Americans pay their fair share. Second, we’re not going to raise tax on anyone making under $400,000. That’s a lot of money. Some of my liberal friends are saying it should be lower than that. But only corporations and people making over $400,000 a year are going to pay additional tax. And third, not only will no one making under $400,000 see their taxes go up, the middle class are going to get some tax cuts, some breaks. My plan benefits ordinary Americans, not those at the top who don’t need the help.

It’s a historic middle class tax cut, cutting taxes for over 50 million families. My Republican friends are making a different choice though. They’d rather protect the tax breaks of those at the very top than give tax breaks to working families. It’s that simple. But let me ask you this, where is it written all the tax breaks in the American tax code go to corporations in the very top? I think it’s enough. I’m tired of it. For me it’s pretty simple. It’s about time working people got the tax breaks in this country. That’s what my plan does. And here’s what it also does, by asking big corporations and very wealthy to pay their fair share, it makes it possible to invest in America, to invest in the American people. According to leading economist, forecasters like Moody’s and major international financial institutions, my plan will create jobs, make us more competitive, and grow our economy, and lessen, not increase inflationary pressure.

I don’t know what’s been handed out today, but by the way, 15 Nobel laureates in economics released a letter yesterday arguing that exact same point. They said, and I quote, and this is from 15 Nobel laureates in economics, quote, “because this agenda,” the one I’m talking about, mine, “because this agenda invests in long term economic capacity and will enhance the ability of more Americans to participate productively in the economy, it will ease long-term inflationary pressures.” It will ease it. Let me highlight just a few provisions in my plan. I know this is long and I apologize, but it’s important, I think. My plan lowers the cost of daycare, and childcare and elder care for families. And the added benefit of millions of people, mostly women who are not able to go back to work because of very young family members or elderly people they’re taken care of, allow them to go back to work. It’s estimated in the millions can’t go back.

It lowers healthcare premiums for millions of families. It lowers prescription drug costs by giving Medicare the power to negotiate lower drug prices. And it strengthens Medicare by adding dental, vision and hearing coverage if you’re on Medicare. It also extends a tax cut for families of kids that we passed in the American Rescue Plan in March. All of this will mean thousands of dollars in savings for the average American family on some of the toughest and most important bills they have to pay every month. My Republican friends talk a lot about inflation, but if you want to talk about actually lowering the cost of living for people in this country, my plan does just that. By strengthening the capacity of our economy, will also reduce inflationary pressures over the long run. Here’s something else my plan does, it confronts the crisis of extreme weather events that we’re seeing all around us and around the world, but just here in America. We see it everywhere. We know it’s real.

In just the past few weeks, and there’s more to come, I’ve seen the destruction of hurricanes in Louisiana, where winds got up to 100 gusts, 179 miles an hour, a deadly toll from flooding New York, where 20 inches of rain in New Jersey, more than 11 inches of rain in some areas, more than 5 million acres of our lands and communities have burned to the ground in wildfires just this year alone. That’s more than the size of the entire state of New Jersey burned to the ground. When I was out in California, I flew over some of these areas. In addition, there’s a severe drought in the West and the Midwest. There’s a blinking code red out there for the nation. We can’t wait to act. Extreme weather just last year cost the American public $99 billion in damage. $99 billion in damage last year. And unfortunately, we’re likely to break that record this year.

And the evidence is overwhelming that every dollar we invest in resilience saves $6 down the road, when the next fire doesn’t spread as widely, or the power station holds up against a storm. We need to rebuild with resilience. With resilience in mind so roads are built higher, levies are built made more stronger, transmission lines are better protected and so much more. I hope we’re past debating climate change in this country. Now we have to act and we have to act fast, and my plan does that. Let me end with this. This pandemic has been God awful for so many reasons. The lost lives, I said over 660,000, the jobs, the businesses lost, the lost time in school for our kids. But it does present us with an opportunity. We can build an economy that gives working people a fair shot this time. We can restore some sanity and fairness to our tax code. We can make the investments that we know are long overdue in this nation.

That’s exactly what my bipartisan infrastructure plan does. I should say our bipartisan infrastructure plan does. Investments in roads, bridges, highways. Clean water in every home, in every school. Universal broadband. Quality, affordable places for families to live. And we can invest in our people, giving our families a little help with their toughest expenses, like daycare, childcare, elder care, prescription drugs, healthcare. Preparing a young people to compete against any country in the world with preschool and community college. We can confront this crisis of extreme weather and climate change, and not only protect our communities, but create new opportunities, new industries and new jobs. In short, this is an opportunity to be the nation we know we can be, a nation where all of us, all of us, not just those are the top, are getting to share the benefits of a growing economy in years ahead.

Let’s not squander this moment trying to preserve an economy that hasn’t worked too well for Americans for a long time. Let’s not look backward, just trying to rebuild what we had. Let’s look forward together as one America. Not to build back, but to build back better. Thank you all very much and God bless you all. May God protect our troops. Thank you.Good evening, my fellow Americans. I want to talk to you about where we are in the battle against COVID-19, the progress we’ve made, and the work we have left to do. And it starts with understanding this: Even as the Delta variant COVID-19 has been hitting this country hard, we have the tools to combat the virus. If we can come together as a country and use those tools, if we raise our vaccination rate, protect ourselves and others with masking, expanded testing, and identify people who are infected, we can and we will turn the tide on COVID-19. It will take a lot of hard work. It’s going to take some time. Many of us are frustrated with the nearly 80 million Americans who are still not vaccinated, even though the vaccine is safe, effective, and free. You might be confused about what is true and what is false about COVID-19.

So before I outline the new steps to fight COVID-19 that I’m going to be announcing tonight, let me give you some clear information about where we stand. First, we’ve made considerable progress in battling COVID-19. When I became president, about 2 million Americans were fully vaccinated. Today, over 175 million Americans have that protection. Before I took office, we hadn’t ordered enough vaccine for every American. Just weeks in office, we did. The week before I took office on January 20th of this year, over 25,000 Americans died that week from COVID-19. Last week, that grim weekly toll was down 70%. And then three months before I took office, our economy was faltering, creating just 50,000 jobs a month. We’re now averaging 700,000 new jobs a month in the past three months. This progress is real, but while America is much better shape than it was seven months ago when I took office, I need to tell you a second fact.

We’re in the tough stretch, and it could last for a while. Highly contagious Delta variant that I began to warn America about back in July spread late summer, like it did in other countries before us. While the vaccines provide strong protection for the vaccinated, we read about and hear about and we see the stories of hospitalized people, people on their deathbeds among the unvaccinated over the past few weeks. This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated, and it’s caused by the fact that despite America having unprecedented and successful vaccination program, despite the fact that for almost five months free vaccines have been available in 80,000 different locations, we still have nearly 80 million Americans who have failed to get the shot.

And to make matters worse, there are elected officials actively working to undermine the fight against COVID-19. Instead of encouraging people to get vaccinated and mask up, they’re ordering mobile morgues for the unvaccinated dying from COVID in their communities. This is totally unacceptable. Third, if you wonder how all this adds up, here’s the math. The vast majority of Americans are doing the right thing. Nearly three quarters of the eligible have gotten at least one shot, but one quarter has not gotten any. That’s nearly 80 million Americans not vaccinated. In a country as large as ours, that’s 25% minority. That 25% can cause a lot of damage, and they are. The unvaccinated overcrowd our hospitals, are overrunning emergency rooms and intensive care units, leaving no room for someone with a heart attack or pancreatitis or cancer.

And fourth, I want to emphasize that the vaccines provide very strong protection from severe illness from COVID-19. I know there’s a lot of confusion and misinformation, but the world’s leading scientists confirm that if you’re fully vaccinated, your risk of severe illness from COVID-19 is very low. In fact, based on available data from the summer, only one out of every 160,000 fully vaccinated Americans was hospitalized for COVID per day. These are the facts. So here’s where we stand. The path ahead, even with the Delta variant, is not nearly as bad as last winter. But what makes it incredibly more frustrating is that we have the tools to combat COVID-19, and a distinct minority of Americans supported by a distinct minority of elected officials are keeping us from turning the corner.

These pandemic politics  are making people sick, causing unvaccinated people to die. We cannot allow these actions to stand in the way of protecting the large majority of Americans who have done their part and want to get back to life as normal. As your president, I’m announcing tonight a new plan to require more Americans to be vaccinated to combat those blocking public health. My plan also increases testing, protects our economy, and will make our kids safer in schools. It consists of six broad areas of action, and many specific measures that each of those actions you can read more about at whitehouse.gov, whitehouse.gov. The measures, these are going to take time to have full impact, but if we implement them, I believe, and the scientists indicate, that the months ahead we can reduce the number of unvaccinated Americans, decrease hospitalizations and deaths, and allow our children to go to school safely, and keep our economy strong by keeping businesses open.

First, we must increase vaccinations among the unvaccinated with new vaccination requirements. With nearly 80 million eligible Americans who have not gotten vaccinated, many said they were waiting for approval from the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA. Last month, the FDA granted that approval, so the time for waiting is over. This summer, we made progress through the combination of vaccine requirements and incentives, as well as the FDA approval. 4 million more people got their first shot in August than they did in July, but we need to do more. This is not about freedom or personal choice. It’s about protecting yourself and those around you, the people you work with, the people you care about, the people you love. My job as president is to protect all Americans, so tonight, I’m announcing that the Department of Labor is developing an emergency rule to require all employers with 100 or more employees that together employee over 80 million workers to ensure their workforces are fully vaccinated, or show a negative test at least once a week.

Some of the biggest companies are already requiring this. United Airlines, Disney, Tyson’s Food, and even Fox News. The bottom line: We’re going to protect vaccinated workers from unvaccinated coworkers. We’re going to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by increasing the share of the workforce that is vaccinated in businesses all across America. My plan will extend the vaccination requirements that I previously issued in the healthcare field. Already, I’ve announced we’ll be requiring vaccinations at all nursing home workers who treat patients on Medicare and Medicaid, because I had that federal authority. Tonight, I’m using that same authority to expand that to cover those who work in hospitals, home healthcare facilities, and our other medical facilities, a total of 17 million healthcare workers. If you’re seeking care at a health facility, you should be able to know that the people treating you are vaccinated, simple, straightforward, period. Next, I will sign an executive order that will now require all executive branch federal employees to be vaccinated, all.

I’ve signed another executive order that will require federal contractors to do the same. If you want to work with the federal government and do business with us, get vaccinated. If you want to do business with the federal government, vaccinate your workforce. And tonight, I’m removing one of the last remaining obstacles that make it difficult for you to get vaccinated. The Department of Labor will require employers with 100 or more workers to give those workers paid time off to get vaccinated. No one should lose pay in order to get vaccinated or take a loved one to get vaccinated. Today, in total, the vaccine requirements in my plan will affect about 100 million Americans, two thirds of all workers. And for other sectors, I issue this appeal: to those of you running large entertainment venues, from sports arenas to concert venues to movie theaters, please require folks to get vaccinated or show a negative test as a condition of entry.

And to the nation’s family physicians, pediatricians, GPs, general practitioners: You’re the most trusted medical voice to your patients. You may be the one person who can get someone to change their mind about being vaccinated. Tonight, I’m asking each of you to reach out to your unvaccinated patients over the next two weeks and make a personal appeal to them to get the shot. America needs your personal involvement in this critical effort. My message to unvaccinated Americans is this: What more is there to wait for? What more do you need to see? We’ve made vaccinations free, safe, and convenient. The vaccine has FDA approval. Over 200 million Americans have gotten at least one shot.

You’ve been patient, but our patience is wearing thin, and your refusal has cost all of us. So please do the right thing, but just don’t take it from me. Listen to the voices of unvaccinated Americans who are lying in hospital beds, taking their final breath, saying, “If only I’d gotten vaccinated. If only.” It’s a tragedy. Please don’t let it become yours. Second piece of my plan is continuing to protect the vaccinated. For the vast majority of you who’ve gotten vaccinated, I understand your anger at those who haven’t gotten vaccinated. I understand the anxiety about getting a breakthrough case, but as the science makes clear, if you’re fully vaccinated, you’re highly protected from severe illness, even if you get COVID-19. In fact, recent data indicates there is only one confirmed positive case per 5,000 fully vaccinated Americans per day. You’re as safe as possible, and we’re doing everything we can to keep it that way, keep you safe.

That’s where boosters come in, the shots that give you even more protection than after your second shot. Now, I know there’s been some confusion about boosters, so let me be clear. Last month, our top government doctors announced an initial plan for booster shots for vaccinated Americans. They believe that the booster is likely to provide the highest level of protection yet. Of course, the decision of which booster shots to give, when to start them, and who will give them will be left completely to the scientists at the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control. But while we wait, we’ve done our part. We bought enough boosters, enough booster shots, and the distribution system is ready to administer them. As soon as they are authorized, those eligible will be able to get a booster right away in tens of thousands of sites across the country, for most Americans at your nearby drug store, and for free.

The third piece of my plan, and maybe the most important, is keeping our children safe and our schools open. For any parent, it doesn’t matter how low the risk of any illness or accident is when it comes to your child or grandchild. Trust me, I know, so let me speak to you directly. Let me speak to you directly to help ease some of your worries. It comes down to two separate categories, children ages 12 and older, who are eligible for a vaccine now, and children ages 11 and under, who are not yet eligible. The safest thing for your child 12 and older is to get them vaccinated. They get vaccinated for a lot of things. That’s it, get them vaccinated. As with adults, almost all the serious COVID-19 cases we’re seeing among adolescents are in unvaccinated 12 to 17-year-olds, an age group that lags behind in vaccination rates.

So parents, please get your teenager vaccinated. What about children under the age of 12 who can’t get vaccinated yet? Well, the best way for parents to protect their child under the age of 12 starts at home. Every parent, every teen sibling, every caregiver around them should be vaccinated. Children have four times higher chance of getting hospitalized if they live in a state with low vaccination rates, rather than in states with high vaccination rates. Now, if you’re a parent of a young child, you’re wondering, “When will be the vaccine available for them?” I strongly support independent scientific review for vaccine uses for children under 12. We can’t take shortcuts for that scientific work. But I’ve made it clear I will do everything within my power to support the FDA with any resource it needs to continue to do this as safely and as quickly as possible, and our nation’s top doctors are committed to keeping the public at large updated on the process so parents can plan.

Now, to the schools. We know that if schools follow the science and implement the safety measures like testing, masking, adequate ventilation systems which we provided the money for, social distancing, and vaccinations, then children can be safe from COVID-19 in schools. Today, about 90% of school staffs and teachers are vaccinated. We should get that to 100%. My administration has already required teachers at the school that’ run by the Defense Department, because I have the authority as president in the federal system, the Defense Department and the Interior Department to get vaccinated. That’s authority I possess. Tonight, I’m announcing that we’ll require all of nearly 300,000 educators in the federal paid Head Start Program must be vaccinated as well to protect your youngest, our youngest, most precious Americans, and give parents the comfort.

And tonight, I’m calling on all governors to require vaccination for all teachers and staff. Some already have done so. We need more to step up. Vaccination requirements in schools are nothing new. They work. They’re overwhelmingly supported by educators and their unions. And all school officials trying to do the right thing by our children, I’ll always be on your side. Let me be blunt. My plan also takes on elected officials in states that are undermining you and these lifesaving actions. Right now, local school officials are trying to keep children safe in a pandemic while their governor picks a fight with them, and even threatens their salaries or their jobs. Talk about bullying in schools.

If they’ll not help, if these governors won’t help us beat the pandemic, I’ll use my power as president to get them out of the way. The Department of Education has already begun to take legal action against states undermining protection that local school officials have ordered. Any teacher or school official whose pay is withheld for doing the right thing, we will have that pay restored by the federal government, 100%. I promise you, I will have your back. The fourth piece of my plan is increasing testing and masking. From the start, America’s failed to do enough COVID-19 testing. In order to better detect and control the Delta variant, I’m taking steps tonight to make testing more available, more affordable, and more convenient. I’ll use the Defense Production Act to increase production of rapid tests, including those that you can use at home.

While that production is ramping up, my administration has worked with top retailers like Walmart, Amazon, and Kroger, and tonight, we’re announcing that no later than next week, each of these outlets will start to sell at-home rapid test kits at cost for the next three months. This immediate price reduction for at-home test kits for up to 35% reduction will also expand free testing at 10,000 pharmacies around the country. And we’re committing $2 billion to purchase nearly 300 million rapid tests for distribution to community health centers, food banks, schools, so that every American, no matter their income, can access free and convenient tests. This is important to everyone, particularly for a parent or a child, with a child not old enough to be vaccinated. You’ll be able to test them at home, and test those around them. In addition to testing, we know masking helps stop the spread of COVID-19.

That’s why when I came into office, I required masks for all federal buildings, on federal lands, on airlines, and other modes of transportation. Today, tonight, I’m announcing that the Transportation Safety Administration, the TSA, will double the fines on travelers that refuse to mask. If you break the rules, be prepared to pay. And by the way, show some respect. The anger you see on television toward flight attendants and others doing their job is wrong. It’s ugly. The fifth piece of my plan is protecting our economic recovery. Because of our vaccination program and the American Rescue Plan, which we passed early in my administration, we’ve had record job creation for a new administration, economic growth unmatched in 40 years. We cannot let unvaccinated do this progress… Undo it, turn it back. So tonight, I’m announcing additional steps to strengthen our economic recovery. We’ll be expanding COVID-19 economic injury disaster loan programs.

That’s a program that’s going to allow small businesses to borrow up to $2 million from the current 500,000 to keep going if COVID-19 impacts on their sales. These low-interest long-term loans require no repayment for two years, and we can use to hire and retain workers, purchase inventory, or even pay down higher-cost debt racked up since the pandemic began. I’ll also be taking additional steps to help small businesses stay afloat during the pandemic. Sixth, we’re going to continue to improve the care of those who do get COVID-19. In early July, I announced the deployment of surge response teams. These are teams comprised of experts from the Department of Health and Human Services, the CDC, the Defense Department, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, to areas in the country that need help to stem the spread of COVID-19. Since then, the federal government has deployed nearly 1000 staff, including doctors, nurses, paramedics into 18 states.

Today, I’m announcing that the Defense Department will double the number of military health teams that they’ll deploy to help their fellow Americans in hospitals around the country. Additionally, we’re increasing the availability of new medicines recommended by real doctors, not conspiracy theorists. The monoclonal antibody treatments have been shown to reduce the risk of hospitalization by up to 70% for unvaccinated people at risk of developing severe disease. We’ve already distributed 1.4 million courses of these treatments to save lives and reduce the strain on hospitals. Tonight, I’m announcing we’ll increase the average pace of shipment across the country of free monoclonal antibody treatments by another 50%. Before I close, let me say this: Communities of color are disproportionately impacted by this virus. And as we continue about COVID-19, we will ensure that equity continues to be at the center of our response. We’ll ensure that everyone is reached.

My first responsibility as president is to protect the American people and make sure we have enough vaccine for every American, including enough boosters for every American who’s approved to get one. We also know this virus transcends borders. That’s why even as we execute this plan at home, we need to continue fighting the virus overseas, continue to be the arsenal of vaccines. We’re proud to have donated nearly 140 million vaccines over 90 countries, more than all other countries combined, including Europe, China, and Russia combined. That’s American leadership on a global stage, and that’s just the beginning. We’ve also now started to ship another 500 million Pfizer vaccines purchased to donate to 100 lower-income countries in need of vaccines, and I’ll be announcing additional steps to help the rest of the world later this month.

As I recently released the key parts of my pandemic preparedness plan so that America isn’t caught flat-footed when a new pandemic comes , as it will, next month, I’m also going to release the plan in greater detail. So let me close with this: We’ve made so much progress during the past seven months of this pandemic. The recent increases in vaccinations in August already are having an impact in some states, where case counts are dropping in recent days. Even so, we remain at a critical moment, a critical time. We have the tools, now we just have to finish the job with truth, with science, with confidence, and together as one nation. Look, we’re the United States America. There’s nothing, not a single thing we’re unable to do if we do it together. So let’s stay together. God bless you all, and all those who continue to serve on the front lines of this pandemic, and may God protect our troops. Get vaccinated.Well folks, as you can see, I just met with my team here and Secretary Mayorkas Homeland security and my FEMA administrator, Criswell, they’re on the ground in Kentucky yesterday. I asked for a detailed briefing in which they were able to see what they’ve found. They shared to me what they learned and we discussed how we can do more, especially so many of the people are facing immense, immense loss.

We talked about how we can accelerate and expand federal assistance to those in desperate need. You saw, I mean, some of you’ve been there and you’ve seen, you’ve been reporting on television the devastation before and after, and this is Mayfield, Kentucky. I mean, it’s just devastating.

We’ve already approved an emergency declaration and a major disaster declaration for Kentucky. I’ve spoke with the governor several times thus far. This gives me the tools to provide everything that we can from the federal level, from experts, search and rescue teams to immediate and longer term help with housing and clean up, the whole range of things. I stand ready to do the same for the governors of other states.

Matter of fact, I’m about to sign an emergency request from Illinois, the governor of Illinois went literally when I finished the trip and signed that. We’ve also ask FEMA and the key departments, surge federal resources. The thing they most need are power, water, communication systems to get back to some sense of being able to communicate with one another as rapidly as they possibly can.

As I said, I intend to travel to Kentucky on Wednesday. With each passing day, the human impact of this devastation is just the depth of the losses are becoming more and more apparent. This is a town with a relatively low average income of under $20,000 a year. It’s a town that has been wiped out, but it’s not the only town. It’s not the only town.

That path you see moves all the way up well over 100 miles. There’s more than one route that goes. We’re also seeing destruction met with a lot of compassion I’m told. Everywhere they’ve, they have people volunteering, talking, asking for that they not only get help, but how they can give some help. We continue to pray for everyone in Kentucky and the other states that were affected. Particularly my heart goes out to the governor of Kentucky who’ve lost family himself. It’s pretty rough stuff.

But we’re going to get this done. We’re going to be there as long as it takes to help. The combination of state, federal, and volunteer organizations do everything from eventually not only clear the debris, but provide the necessary means to move, get schools reopened, making sure that homes are able to be rebuilt, et cetera. There’s a lot, a lot that needs to be done and mostly Kentucky here, but not only Kentucky.

Just wanted to let you know that’s what I was doing. Haven’t decided where I’m going yet. We’re working out what I indicated to the government when we talked about this two days ago was that I don’t want to be in the way. There’s a lot going on. When the president shows up, there’s a long tail of follow up from awful lot of folks. I just don’t want to do anything other than be value added. But I want you to know that this administration has made it clear to every governor, whatever they need, when they need it, when they need it, make it known to me, it will get it to them as rapidly as we can. That’s what we’re doing here in Kentucky.

We’re going to have to go beyond what is available to the federal government. For example, we’re able to … FEMA can come up with up to $35,000 in housing restoration. Well, not a lot of $35,000 homes. In the meantime, we can provide everything from hotel rooms and places where folks can live in the meantime, but there’s a lot to be done and we’re just getting it underway. But we’re going to work with all the governors to make sure that we can. Yes.

Well, what I worry about most in a circumstance like this, because I’ve been involved in responding to a lot of disasters as a Senator, as vice president, now as president just this year, is the peace of mind and people being able to actually put their head on a pillow, lie down on a bed, be able to know their kids are going to be okay. This is a narrow path. The devastation is just stunning. I mean, there’s nothing left standing basically along the path that goes all the way through.

Do you have that other … let me ask, show that other in terms of housing, because I think this is the best way to illustrate just how precise . Go to the one that goes all the way up. This is takes you. If you take a look. Why don’t you point out where we are here. You take a look where Mayfield is and Bowling Green is, we’re not talking about Mayfield now, but all these yellow dots here along the way are residences, and they’ve been wiped out. They’ve been wiped out. Commercial and government historical sites and industrial sites, it’s been wiped out.

Would you mind putting the one back up for Mayfield? If you take a look, Mayfield sits in that where that square is in the left. Well, look at all … This is just the city of Mayfield, residential, commercial, exempt, government, and historical, agriculture, cetera, just, I mean, they’re the God.

Some of you  already down there. It’s just devastating. I worry quite frankly, about, how can I say it, the mental health of these people. You come home and you see that if you made it, and if you haven’t, if you lost someone in the meantime, thank God it doesn’t seem like the numbers are quite as high as were anticipated, but they’re high. You come home, you’ve lost your husband, wife, mother, father, children, somebody along the line. What do you do? Where do you go? It’s not like if you’re making $ 16,000 a year, you get in a plane and head to your relative in Washington.

I mean literal. That’s what worries me most, the uncertainty. It really is something that I’ve observed in every major disaster I’ve watched and been on the ground to see. It just, you can see it in people’s faces. We just want them to know that we’re going to stay as long as it takes to help them. There’s three ways to begin help. One is the federal agencies that are available and …

One is the federal agencies that are available, and that’s already underway. And for example, they’re setting up in all these places. For example, there’re going to be roughly how many disaster centers you think we’ll have in the state?

There’ll be one place a citizen can go. There will be essentially an ombudsman. What I said to the governors, and it surprised me that they, pleased me, but surprised me, that they repeated it, is that, for example, I told the governor of Kentucky, I’m not expecting you to know all you need. Let us tell you what you can ask for, that you haven’t asked for. Let us do our job.

I mean, these large government agencies, like the federal or state governments, it’s hard for people to understand sometimes. Let me go in and tell you what you can ask for. And so, there is the federal government, the state government. There’s also the nonprofits out there that have been in fact involved in all these disasters around the country, and they can provide help and assistance.

Right now, for example, I’m told, I hope I’m not misspeaking, that the school in Mayfield is being used for shelter now. It didn’t get wiped out, but it is not going to be able to be functioned as a school soon. So, how do you get these kids back in school rooms? How do you get some semblance of normalcy again? And so, we’re working like the devil.

I’m very, very pleased with the work that FEMA director, Criswell has done. And I know that Homeland Security’s reached out to these folks. They know we’re there. And I just want to make sure there is no sense in the part of anyone in these affected areas that they are asking something that they shouldn’t ask for. Ask for whatever you think you need and we’ll find. And if we can’t provide it through a government agency, we’ll do our best to find out private agencies that can help, from churches to Red Cross, to a whole range of institutions.

But it’s like when I was walking through the neighborhoods in Louisiana. See the looks on people’s faces. You go to the corner where there were houses just gone. People standing in their yards crying. And this was two days after the storm went through. So, it really is devastating. This is the United States of America, though.

The thing that pleased me, every one of my staff who were down there came back,  called me on the phone and said, “People already help each other. They’re already asking, ‘How can I help, too?'” So, that’s what I worry most about. It’s just getting some peace of mind and say, “Look, there is a way to get from here to there. There’s disaster now, but there’s a way to get there.” We’re going to do everything we can. And I believe the Congress will respond for that extraordinary need we don’t have. Yes, sir.

No. I’m not going to make that argument with him about this. Look, Joe understands. Joe has as much empathy and concern for these folks. I mean, he’s been through some real of disasters in West Virginia. He understands.

And the honest to God truth is, we’re discussing this. I’ve spent a lot of time on climate issues. And I said we have to be very careful. We can’t say with absolute certainty that it was because of climate change. So, I’m going to be talking with the Environmental Protection Agency, and I’m going to talk with other agencies to determine. Matter of fact, some of it has to do with El Niño.

There’s a lot of things that we don’t know for certain. And I don’t want to say anything that is not precisely true. What is certain? It is one of the worst tornado disasters we’ve had in the country. And the second thing is certain is that it is unusual. It is unusual how it happened, how many places it touched down, and the length of the path. So, that’s all I’m prepared to talk about right now. Yes, ma’am.

Yes. Look, I have the entire federal team, not just the folks going in and making sure we’re not leaving anybody still breathing under debris. That’s the immediate, immediate, urgent, urgent thing. And just to get the food, water to people who don’t have it, and there’s no place to get it. So, that’s number one.

But number two, there’s a whole range of things, including the virus and the hospitals. I’ve gotten a report, but not the detail I need, about the hospitals along the path of this tornado. But I’m sure I’m going to be asking my team to set up sites for booster shots, and the whole range of things that people still…

The worst part is their life has to go on as if nothing happened, because they’ve still got to take care of those needs from their kid going to get into school, to whether or not they’re going to be able to collect an unemployment check. Are they going to be in this… All those issues. But one of those issues will be public health as it relates to COVID.



I’ll take this one question.

No, look, I told you. When I speak to senators or house members, or governors, or any other elected official, to try to convince them that what I’m proposing makes sense, and it’s not inconsistent with what they believe, I do that. And then I’ll discuss it afterwards.

Thank you. .

(silence)

Everybody in?

Well, folks, as you can see, I just met with my team here and Secretary Mayorkas of Homeland Security and my FEMA administrator, Criswell, they’re on the ground in Kentucky yesterday. And I asked for detailed briefing at what they were able to see, what they found. And they shared to me what they learned. And we discussed how we can do more, especially so many of the people were facing immense, immense loss.

And we talked about how we can accelerate and expand federal assistance to those in desperate need. And you saw, I mean, some of you’ve been there and you’ve seen, you’ve been reporting on television the devastation before and after. And this is Mayfield, Kentucky. I mean, it’s just devastating. And we’ve already approved an emergency declaration and a major disaster declaration for Kentucky.

I’ve spoke with the governor several times thus far. And this gives me the tools to provide everything that we can from the federal level. From expert search and rescue teams to immediate and longer term help with housing, and clean up, a whole range of things. And I stand ready to do the same for the governors of other states.

Matter of fact, I’m about to sign an emergency request from Illinois, from the governor of Illinois, literally, when I finish, get up and sign that. And we’ve also asked FEMA and the key departments, Surge, federal resources, the thing they most need are power, water, communication systems to get back to some sense of being able communicate with one another as rapidly as they possibly can.

And as I said, I intend to travel to Kentucky on Wednesday. And with each passing day, the human impact this devastation is just the depth of the losses are becoming more and more apparent.

This is a town with a relatively low average income of under $20,000 a year. It’s a town that has been wiped out, but it’s not the only town. It’s not the only town. That path you see moves all the way up well over 100 miles. And there’s more than one route that goes. And so, we were also seeing destruction, met with a lot of compassion I’m told. Everywhere they’ve gone, they had people volunteering, talking, asking for that they not only get help, but how they can give some help. And so we continue to pray for everyone. And Kentucky and the other states are affected. And particularly, my heart goes out to the governor of Kentucky who lost family himself. It’s pretty rough stuff. But we’re going to get this done. We’re going to be there as long as it takes to help. And the combination of state, federal, and volunteer organizations do everything from eventually not only clear the debris, but provide the necessary means to move, get schools reopened, making sure the homes are able to be rebuilt, et cetera.

So there’s a lot, a lot that needs to be done. And it’s mostly Kentucky here, but not only Kentucky. I just want to let you know, that’s what I was doing. I haven’t decided where I’m going yet. We’re working out what I indicated to the governor when we talked about this two days ago, was that I don’t want to be in the way. Was a lot going on.

When the President shows up, there’s a long tail to follow, awful lot of folks. And I just don’t want to do anything other than be value added. But I want you to know that this administration has made it clear to every governor, whatever they need when they need it, when they need it, make it known to me, it will get it to them as rapidly, as rapidly as we can.

And that’s what we’re doing here in Kentucky. We’re going to have to go beyond what is available to the federal government. For example, we’re able to, FEMA can come up with up to $35,000 in housing restoration. Well, not a lot of $35,000 homes. In the meantime, we can provide everything from hotel rooms, and places where folks can live in the meantime. But there’s a lot to be done, and we’re just getting it underway. But we’re going to work with all the governors to make sure that we can. Yes?

Well, what I worry about most in a circumstance like this because I’ve been involved in responding to a lot of disasters as a Senator, as Vice President, now as President just this year is the peace of mind of people being able to actually put their head on a pillow, lie down on a bed, be able to know their kids are going to be okay. This is a narrow path. The devastation is just stunning.

I mean, there’s nothing less standing, basically, along the path that goes all the way through. Let me ask, show that other, in terms of housing, because I think this is the best way to illustrate just how precisely. Go to the one that goes all the way up. This takes you.

So if you take a look, well, I want you point out where we are here. You take a look where Mayfield or Bowling Green is. That’s not, we’re not talking about Mayfield now. But all these yellow dots here along the way are residences. And they’ve been wiped out. They’ve been wiped out. Commercial and government historical sites, and industrial sites, it’s been wiped out.

You mind putting the one back up for Mayfield? If you take a look, Mayfield sits in that where that square is in the left. Well, look at all, this is just the city of Mayfield. Residential, commercial exempt, government, and historical agriculture, et cetera. I mean, they’re gone. And some of you probably already down there. It’s just devastating.

And I worry, quite frankly, about… How can I say it? The mental health of these people. You come home and you see that if you made it, and if you haven’t, if you lost someone in the meantime, thank God it doesn’t seem like the numbers are quite as high as they’re anticipated, but they’re high.

You come home. You’ve lost your husband, wife, mother, father, children, somebody along the line. And what do you do? Where do you go? It’s not like if you’re making $16,000 a year, you get in a plane and head to your relative in Washington. But I mean, literal, that’s what worries me most, the uncertainty. And it really is something that I’ve observed in every major disaster I’ve watched and been on the ground to see. You can see in people’s faces. And so we just want them to know that-

… you can see in people’s faces. And so we just want them to know that we’re going to stay as long as it takes to help them. And there’s three ways to begin help. One is the federal agencies that are available, and that’s already underway. And for example, they’re setting up in all these places. For example, they’re going to be roughly how many disaster centers you think we’ll have in the state?

There’ll be one place a citizen can go. There will be essentially an Ombudsman. What I said to the governors and it surprised me that they, it pleased me, but surprised me that they repeated it is that, for example, I told the governor of Kentucky, “I’m not expecting you to know all you need. Let us tell you what you can’t ask or that you haven’t asked for. Let us do our job.”

I mean, these large government agencies like the federal or state governments, it’s hard for the people understand sometimes. Let me go in and tell you what you can ask for. And so there is the federal government, the state government. There’s also the nonprofits out there that have been in fact involved in all these disasters around the country, and they can provide help and assistance.

Right now, for example, I’m told, I hope I’m not misspeaking that the school in Mayfield is being used for shelter now. It didn’t get wiped out, but it is not going to be able to be functioned as a school center. So how do you get these kids back in school rooms? How do you get some semblance of normalcy again? And so we’re working like the devil. I’m very, very pleased with the work that the FEMA director Criswell has done. And I know that Homeland Security’s done reached out to these folks.

They know we’re there. And I just want to make sure there is no sense in the part of anyone in these affected areas that they are asking something that they shouldn’t ask for. Ask for whatever you think you need and we’ll find out. And if we can’t provide it through you through a government agency, we’ll do our best to find out private agencies that can help. From churches, to Red Cross, to a whole range of institutions.

It’s like when I was walking through the neighborhoods in Louisiana, I mean, see the looks on people’s faces. You go to the corner where there were houses was gone. People standing in their yards crying, and this was two days after the storm went through. So it really is devastating.

Now, this is the United States of America though. The thing that pleased me would every one of my staff were down there came back and at least today called me on the phone and said, “People are all ready to help each other.” They’re already asking, “How can I help, too?”

So that’s what I worry most about is just getting some peace of mind and say, look, there is a way to get from here to there. It’s disaster now, but there’s a way to get there. We’re going to do everything we can. And I’m sure, I believe that Congress will respond to that extraordinary need we don’t have. Yes, sir?

No, I’m not going to make that argument with him about this. Look, Joe understands. Joe has as much empathy and concern for these folks. I mean, he’s been through some real disasters in West Virginia. He understands. And the honest to God truth is we were discussing this. I’ve spent a lot of time on climate issues. And I said, we have to be very careful.

We can’t say with absolute certainty that it was because of climate change. So I’m going to be talking with the Environmental Protection Agency, and I’m going to talk with other agencies to determine. Fact, matter of fact, some of it has to do with Albania.

There’s a lot of things that we don’t know for certain. And I don’t want to say anything that is not precisely true. What is certain, it is one of the worst tornado disasters we’ve had in the country. And the second thing is certain is that it is unusual. It is unusual how it happened, how many places it touched down, and the length of the path. So that’s all I’m prepared to talk about right now. Yes, ma’am?

Yes. Look, we have, I have my, the entire federal team, not just the folks going in and making sure there’s still people… We’re not leaving anybody still breathing under debris. That’s the immediate, immediate, urgent, urgent thing. And just to get the food, water to people who don’t have it, and there’s no place to get it. So that’s number one.

But number two, there’s a whole range of things, including the virus, including the virus, and the hospitals. I’ve gotten the report, but not the detail I need about the hospitals along the path of this tornado. We’re going to have to, I’m sure I’m going to be asked to, I’m going to be asking my team to set up sites for booster shots and the whole range of things that people still… The worst part is their life has to go on as if nothing happened, because they’ve still got to take care of those needs from either their kid going to get in school, to whether or not they’re going to be able to collect an unemployment check, or they’re going to be in the… All those issues. But one of those issues will be public health as it relates to Covid.

I’ll take this one question.

No. Look, I told you. When I speak to Senators to try to, or House members, or governors, or any other elected official, I try to convince them that what I’m proposing makes sense and it’s not inconsistent with what they believe. I do that. And then I’ll discuss it afterwards. Okay?

Folks.

The Admiral’s in the house.

Well, since we’re more than 10 feet apart, while we’re speaking, we’re going to take our masks off. And let me begin by saying good afternoon to my team, good afternoon to the press, and good afternoon to anyone who may be listening. I’m about to receive a briefing from our COVID-19 team, but before I begin, I know there’s a concern and some considerable confusion about the rising cases. So let me provide a quick update and talk about three specific topics, and I’ll give it to you straight as I promised you I always would. We’re going to see, as you all have been hearing, a continued rise in cases. Omicron is a very transmissible variant but much different than anything we’ve seen before. But you can protect yourself and you should protect yourself, quite frankly.

Get vaccinated. Get boosted. There’s plenty of booster shots. Wear a mask while you’re in public. Because what we know is this, the impact from the rising cases depends on the effect on the person based on that person and what their vaccination status is. You can control how big an impact Omicron is going to have on your health if you get Omicron. Those that are fully vaccinated, especially those with the booster shots, and by the way, we have booster shots for the whole nation, you can still get COVID, but it’s highly unlikely, very unlikely, that you’ll become seriously ill. And we’re seeing COVID-19 cases among vaccinated in workplaces across America including here at the White House. But if you’re vaccinated and boosted, you are highly protected. Be concerned about Omicron, but don’t be alarmed. And if you’re unvaccinated, you have some reason to be alarmed. Many of you, you’ll experience severe illness in many cases if you get COVID-19 if you’re not vaccinated. Some will die, needlessly die.

The unvaccinated are taking up hospital beds and crowding emergency rooms and intensive care units. That’s displaced other people need access to those hospitals. So please, please, please get vaccinated. We’ve reduced the number of American adults without any shots from 90 million to about 35 million in the past six months, but there’s still 35 million people not vaccinated. And let me be absolutely clear, we have in hand all the vaccines we need to get every American fully vaccinated, including the booster shot. So there’s no excuse, no excuse for anyone being unvaccinated. This continues to be a pandemic of the unvaccinated so we got to make more progress. And for patients who still haven’t gotten your kids vaccinated, please get them vaccinated. Look out for their interest here. It’s the best way to protect them. And for parents with kids too young to be vaccinated, surround your kids with people who are vaccinated and make sure you’re masking in public so you don’t get COVID and give it to your kids.

Look, we have no reason to think at this point that Omicron is worse for children than previous variants. We know that our kids can be safe when in school, by the way. That’s why I believe schools should remain open. They have what they need because of the American Rescue Plan, where the first month we were in office or second month that I signed in March, we provided the states with $130 billion, with a B, billion dollars, to specifically keep our students safe and schools open. Funding for ventilation, ventilation systems in the schools, social distancing in classrooms, even larger classrooms, on buses, and everything from bus drivers to buses, the actual bus, in all this process. We also back then included an additional $10 billion for testing for schools. That money went out to the states and the states and the school districts have spent this money well, many of them. But unfortunately, some haven’t. So I encourage the states and school district to use the funding that you still have to protect your children and keep the schools open.

Countries across the world have seen rising cases. Here in the United States, our team have been working around the clock during the holiday weeks. In the last two weeks, we have deployed hundreds of military doctors and nurses to staff the hospitals in our states that are overrun and overworked because of unvaccinated COVID-19 patients primarily. The Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, is also working at our direction in every state in a hospital capacity, including whether they need beds. I’ve directed FEMA to be ready to provide emergency hospital beds wherever and whenever they’re needed. The federal government will be there. We’ve shipped nearly 2.4 million pieces of protective equipment to hospitals from gowns to gloves, and we’re doing whatever we can to protect communities from the surge of hospital cases they’re likely to see from the unvaccinated population.

Look, now let me address three specific updates before I get my full brief from my team. First, booster shots. I know, Dr. Fauci, I’m like an echo chamber here, I know it, but repeating myself what Dr. Fauci said very clearly, booster shots work. They significantly increased their protection. They provide the highest level of protection against Omicron. Americans, we’ve given out over 70 million booster shots. Importantly, two out of three eligible seniors have received their booster shots. Booster shots are free, they’re safe, and available at over 90,000 vaccination sites. Let me say that again. They’re free, available, and at over 90,000 sites. We have added sites, added hours, added appointments, added walk-in capacity. We have booster shots for every American in the country. It’s easier than ever to get a booster shot and more importantly than ever it’s been.

Look, the FDA has also now authorized booster shots for children ages 12 to 15. So with the final approval from the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, when that occurs young people ages 12 to 15 will be able to get booster shots later this week. Second, on testing. I know this remains frustrating, believe me, it’s frustrating to me, but we’re making improvements. In the last two weeks, we’ve stood up federal testing sites all over the country. We’re adding more each and every day. Google “COVID test near me”. Go there. Google “COVID test near me” on Google to find the nearest site where you can get a test most often and free. Look, with more capacity for in-person tests, we should see waiting lines shorten and more appointments freed up. Look, if you want to test yourself at home, we have three options now.

One, drug stores and online websites are restocking. Actually, the more tests are available, more are going to continue to become. Next week, our requirement that your insurance company reimburse you for at-home tests takes effects so you’ll get reimbursed. So if you’re insured, you can buy the test and get paid for it. The second thing I want to mention is many states and local governments and healthcare providers are passing out free at-home tests that you can pick up. Just find out where they are. And, finally, as I announced recently, the federal government is launching a website this month where you can get tests shipped to your home for free upon your request. The third point I’d like to speak about also is on treatments. For those at high risk who do get COVID-19, we now have a new Pfizer pill that greatly reduces the risk of hospitalization and death.

I’m pleased to say that, on Christmas Eve, we shipped out the first batch of these pills that we purchased and received and more will be shipped this week. They’re already saving lives, but due to my the complex chemistry to make the pill, it takes months literally to make a pill. But production is in full swing. The United States has more pills than any other country in the world and our supply’s going to ramp up over the coming months as more of these pills are manufactured. Today, I’m directing my team to work with Pfizer to double our order from 10 million to 20 million treatment courses to be delivered in the months ahead. We may need even more. That’s the estimate we need right now. We’ve already placed the largest order in the world. Now I’m doubling that order. These pills are going to dramatically decrease hospitalizations and deaths from COVID-19. They’re a game changer and have the potential to dramatically alter the impact of COVID-19, the impact it’s had on this country and our people.

Look, let me conclude with a quick recap. If you are vaccinated and boosted, you may get COVID, but you are highly protected against severe illness. Schools can and should be open this winter. We have all the tools to keep kids safe. Unvaccinated kids are at risk yet the vaccinated are the best way to protect them. Get vaccinated. If you’re vaccinated, get boosted. Folks, I know we’re all tired and frustrated about the pandemic. These coming weeks are going to be challenging. Please wear your mask in public to protect yourself and others. We’re going to get through this. We’re going to get through it together. We have the tools to protect people from severe illness due to Omicron if people choose to use the tools. We have the medicines coming along that can save so many lives and dramatically reduce the impact that COVID has had on our country.

There’s a lot of reason to be hopeful in 2020, but for God’s sake, please take advantage of what’s available. Please. You’re going to save lives, maybe yours, maybe your child. Please take advantage of what we already have. So thank you. Now, I’m going to get this briefing started. Thank you very much.Well, first of all, let’s put this in perspective. Inflation rate month to month is just up an inch, hardly at all.

No, I’m not saying it is good news, but it was 8.2 before. I mean, it’s not… I can make it sound like all of a sudden, “My God, it went to 8.2%.” It’s been-

I got that. But guess what we are, we’re in a position where for the last several months it hasn’t spiked, it has just barely… It’s been basically even. And in the meantime, we created all these jobs and prices have gone up, but they’ve come down for energy. The fact is that we’ve created 10 million new jobs since we came to office. We’re in a situation where the unemployment rate is about 3.7%, one of the lowest in history. We’re in a situation where manufacturing is coming back to the United States in a big way. And look down the road, we have massive investments being made in computer chips and employment. So look, this is a process, this is a process.

No, I don’t think so. We hope we can have what they say, a soft landing, a transition to a place where we don’t lose the gains that I ran to make in the first place for middle class folks, being able to generate good paying jobs and expansion. And at the same time, make sure that we are able to continue to grow.

No, I’m telling the American people that we’re going to get control of inflation, and their prescription drug prices are going to be a hell of a lot lower, their healthcare costs are going to be a lot lower, their basic costs for everybody. Their energy prices are going to be lower. They’re going to be in a situation where they begin to gain control again. I’m more optimistic than I’ve been in a long time.

Continue to grow the economy, and we’re growing the economy. It’s growing in a way that it hasn’t in years and years.

We’re growing entire new industries. We’re at 695, I think it is, or 85,000 new manufacturing jobs just since I’ve become president of the United States. Continue to grow the economy and continue to give hard working people a break in terms of, we pay the highest drug prices in the world of any industrialized nation, making sure that Medicare can negotiate down those prices. By the way, we’ve also reduced the debt and reduced the deficit by 350 billion dollars my first year. This year, it’s going to be over $1.5 trillion dollars reduced the debt. So, to continue to put people in a position to be able to make a decent living and grow, and grow, and increase their capacity to grow.

.

The pandemic is over. We still have a problem with COVID, we’re still doing a lot of work on it, but the pandemic is over. If you noticed, no one’s wearing masks, everybody seems to be in pretty good shape. And so I think it’s changing, and I think this is a perfect example of it.

Well, there’s a couple things we’ve done. For example, remember I got some criticisms for releasing a million barrels of oil a day from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, and then along came the industry saying they’d produce another million barrels a day by the spring. So I think we’re in relatively good shape.

Sure he is, but we, the United States, are in a much better shape than anyone else is, and relative to Russia, particularly. But he’s been trying that for a while, he’s not going to succeed. Anybody want to go to Washington, jump in.

One of the things that happens in negotiations, particularly if they’ve been elongated like these have, is people say and do things where their pride gets engaged as well, and it’s awful hard to back off of some of these things. They both sat down, in my view, and they were in the office today saying, “Well, we finally figured it out. This is fair on both sides.” And it took that time to focus. And the alternative was just not thinkable.

If, in fact, they’d gone on a strike, the supply chains in this country would’ve come to a screeching halt. We would’ve seen a real economic crisis.

Ukraine, through their… With significant help we and our allies are giving them, and the incredible bravery, and the incredible determination of the Ukrainian people, are not losing a war, and they’re making gains in certain areas. Winning the war in Ukraine is to get Russia out of Ukraine completely and recognizing their sovereignty. They’re defeating Russia. Russia’s turning out not to be as competent and capable as many people thought they were gonna be. But winning the war? The damage it’s doing, and the citizens, and the innocent people are being killed, it’s awful hard to count that as winning.

It has been barbaric, what he’s done. His attacks on civilian, everything from civilian hospitals, to old-age homes, to neighborhoods where just ordinary people live-

And schools, it’s just outrageous. So the price the Ukrainian people are paying for this war is extremely high. But we’re gonna stay with them as long as they need our help.

As long as it takes.

Yes.

Don’t. Don’t. Don’t. It will change the face of war unlike anything since World War II.

I am not going to speculate-

You think I would tell you if I knew exactly what it would be? Of course, I’m not going to tell you, but it’ll be consequential. They’ll become more of a pariah in the world than they ever have been, and depending on the extent of what they do will determine what response would occur. .

We agree with what we signed onto a long time ago. And that there’s a one China policy, and Taiwan makes their own judgments about their independence. We are not moving, we’re not encouraging their being independent. That’s their decision,

Yes, if in fact there was an unprecedented attack -

.

Yes.

No.

I have not personally spoken to anyone in that regard. I’m sure, my administration is aware of all of that and so is the National Security Council, but I have not.

No, not ahead of time.

How that could possibly happen? How anyone could be that irresponsible. And I thought, what data was in there that may compromise sources and methods? By that I mean, names of people who helped, or et cetera. And it’s just totally irresponsible.

I have not asked for the specifics of those documents because I don’t want to get myself in the middle of whether or not the Justice Department should move or not move on certain actions they can take. I agreed I would not tell them what to do, and not, in fact, engage in telling them how to prosecute or not.

Look, if I were to say to you, “I’m running again,” all of the sudden a whole range of things come into play, requirements I have to change and move and do.

In terms of election laws. And it’s much too early to make that kind of decision. I’m a great respecter of fate. And so what I’m doing is I’m doing my job, I’m going to do that job and within the timeframe that makes sense, after this next election cycle here, going into next year, make a judgment of what to do.

Look, my intention, as I said to began with, is that I would run again, but it’s just an intention. But is it a firm decision that I run again, that remains to be seen.

Pretty good shape, huh?

Watch me. And honest to God, that’s what I think. Watch me. If you think I don’t have the energy level or the mental acuity, then that’s one thing. But it’s another thing to just watch and keep my schedule, do what I’m doing. I think that… I don’t, when I sit down with our NATO allies and keep them together, I don’t have them saying, “Wait a minute, how old are you? What do you say?” I mean, it’s a matter of that old expression, the proof of the pudding’s in the eating. I mean, I respect the fact that people would say, “You’re old.” But I think it relates to how much energy you have and whether or not the job you’re doing is one consistent with what any person of any age would be able to do.

Oh, it’s focused. Look, I have trouble even mentioning, even saying to myself in my own head the number of years. I no more think of myself as being as old as I am than fly. I mean, it’s just not… I haven’t observed anything in terms of… There’s not things I don’t do now that I did before, whether it’s physical or mental or anything else.

How’s an old guy do that?

This is a really difficult time. We’re at an inflection point in the history of this country. We’re going to make decisions, and we’re making decisions now, that are going to determine what we’re going to look like in the next 10 years from now.

I think you’d agree that the impact on the psyche of the American people, as a consequence of the pandemic, is profound. Think of how that has changed everything, people’s attitudes about themselves, their families, about the state of the nation, about the state of their communities. And so there’s a lot of uncertainty out there, a great deal of uncertainty. And we lost a million people, a million people to COVID. When I got in office, when I got elected, only two million people had been vaccinated, I got 220 million… My point is, it takes time. We were left in a very difficult situation. It’s been a very difficult time, very difficult.

I love my son, number one. He fought an addiction problem. He overcame it, he wrote about it. And no, there’s not a single thing that I’ve observed at all that would affect me or the United States relative to my son, Hunter.

For example, we passed the most extensive gun legislation in 30 years, although I’m not gonna rest till we get assault weapons banned, which I did once before when I was a senator.

Assault weapons banned. There’s no rationale. Deer aren’t running through the woods wearing Kevlar vests.

Again, I’ve gone to every one of those places. And in Uvalde, I spent time with every sing… Four hours, four hours in the pain, the pain, and it’s just so, so unnecessary. So wrong. Who the hell… Don’t get me going. But I met with every one of those families and the extended families for four hours. Look, our kids should be learning how to read and write, not duck and cover. Think about that. Think of the mental impact on these kids going back to school. We saw it. It’s wrong. It’s wrong. It’s not who we are. And we’ve gotta stop it. We’ve got to stop it. And the NRA continuing to push the sale of assault and semiautomatic weapons is bizarre.

Well, I don’t think it’s impossible, but it’s changed. What we do today, think about it, it’s all personal attacks. It’s about motive. It’s not about, I disagree with you on the subject matter. And secondly, I think it’s fair to say that we’ve not had a president like the last president, who has made all of it so personal. I’ve had six Republican senators, I promised I’d never say their names, and I won’t, come up to me in the last two years and say, “Joe, I agree with you, but if I vote this way they’re going to primary me and I’m going to lose an election.” It didn’t used to be that way, but it’s coming back a little bit. It’s coming back.

Well, I’ll tell you what I think about this. We were able to get a bipartisan $1.2 trillion package done for dealing with the whole question of rebuilding the country, the roads and the highways. The fact of the matter is we’ve gotten a lot of things done bi-partisanly, when everybody said, “We’re not gonna do anything, don’t let Biden have any successes,” et cetera. So it’s still a way to go, but I think we’re making some progress.

Well, look, I’ve had tragedies. I lost part of my soul when I lost my son Beau, and I lost my wife and my daughter in an accident. I think of all the people who’ve gone through what I’ve gone through and a lot more without what I had. I have had incredibly supportive family. There’s so many, literally, heroes getting up every day putting one foot in front of the other with no help, I constantly think, what would Beau want me to do? What would… And this gets me a long way, this rosary.

And he’s looking up, and what’s he say? He says, “Why me, God?” And the next scene, a voice from heaven, “Why not?” That’s my dad. “Why not, Joey? Why not you? Why not? What makes you so different? Just get up.” My mom’s expression was, “Just get up. Get up. Get up.”

A lot more to give, a lot more to give.Shortly, you’re going to hear a helicopter landing outside the window here. I’m supposed to be in Colorado looking at the damage with the governor of a godawful firestorm that rolled through, and then I’m heading off to do Harry Reid’s funeral.

So, but this morning, I want to talk about, I think it’s a historic day for our economic recovery. Today’s national unemployment rate fell below 4% to 3.9%, the sharpest one-year drop in unemployment in United States history. The first time the unemployment rate has been under 4% in the first year of a presidential term in 50 years, 3.9% unemployment rate. Years faster than experts said we’d be able to do it. And we have added 6.4 million new jobs since January of last year in one year. That’s the most jobs in any calendar year by any president in history.

How? How? How did that happen? Well, the American Rescue Plan got the economy off its back and moving again, back on its feet, getting over 200 million Americans fully vaccinated, got people out of their homes and back to work, even in the face of wave after wave of COVID. We got schools open, we got booster shots, we brought down the poverty rate. It went from 20 million people on unemployment roll a year ago to under two million people on the unemployment rolls today. America’s back to work, and there are more historical accomplishments. The increase in Americans joining the labor force was the fastest this year of any year since 1996. And among prime age were workers, ages 25 to 54, their increase in labor force participation was the biggest in 43 years, record job creation, record unemployment declines, record increases in the people in the labor force. I would argue the Biden economic plan is working and is getting America back to work, back on its feet.

But the record doesn’t stop there. Today’s report also tells us record wage gains, especially for workers in some of America’s toughest jobs, women and men who work in the frontline jobs in restaurants, hotels, travel, tourism, desk clerks, line cooks, waitstaff, bellman. They all saw their wages at a historic high, the highest in history. Their pay went up almost 16% this year, far ahead of inflation, which is still a concern. Overall, wage gains for all workers who are not supervisors went up more in 2021 than any year in four decades. There’s been a lot of press coverage about people quitting their jobs. Well, today’s report tells you why. Americans are moving up to better jobs with better pay with better benefits. That’s why they’re quitting their jobs. This isn’t about workers walking away and refusing to work, it’s about workers able to take a step up to provide for themselves and their families.

This is the kind of recovery I promised and hoped for for the American people, where the biggest benefits go to the people who work the hardest and are more often left behind, the people who have been ignored before, the people who just want a decent chance to build a decent life for their families, just given a clear shot. For them, wages are up, job opportunities are up, layoffs are down to the lowest levels in decades, and they’re more chances than ever to get ahead. No wonder one leading economic, excuse me, analyst described what we’ve accomplished in 2021 as the strongest first year economic track record of any president in the last 50 years.

Today, America is the only leading economy in the world where the economy as a whole is stronger than before the pandemic. Now I hear Republicans say today that my talking about this strong record shows that I don’t understand. I don’t understand. A lot of people are still suffering they say. Well, they are. Or that I’m not focused on inflation, malarkey. They want to talk down the recovery because they voted against the legislation that made it happen. They voted against the tax cuts for middle class families. They voted against the funds we needed to reopen our schools, to keep police officers and firefighters on the job, to lower healthcare premiums. They voted against the funds were now using to buy COVID booster shots and more antiviral pills. I refuse to let them stand on the way of this recovery.

And now, my focus is on keeping this recovery strong and durable, not withstanding Republican obstructionism. Because I know that even as jobs and families’ incomes have recovered, families are still feeling the pinch of prices and cost. So we’re taking that on as well. And the way to do that is not to step back from the economic progress we’ve made, but to build on it. I’ve laid out a three-part plan to address cost families are facing. One, first part of that plan, fixing the supply chain. Two, protecting consumers and promoting competition. Three, lowering kitchen table costs, including with my Build Back Better Act.

First, the supply chain. A couple months ago, we heard a lot of dire warnings about supply chain problems leading to a crisis around the holidays, Thanksgiving and Christmas. We acted. We brought together business and labor to solve the problems. The much predicted crisis didn’t occur. The Grinch did not steal Christmas nor any votes. Look, the number of containers sitting on docks for more than eight days is now down by nearly 40%. The number of packages delivered on time was nearly 99%. Workers stayed on the job and did the job to bring goods to consumers. We’re continuing to work to speed up every step of this process, the ports, trains, trucking.My bipartisan infrastructure plan law included significant investments in each of these areas. And I want to thank the 19 Republicans in the Senate and the 13 in the House who stepped in to help pass it so we didn’t have to face another filibuster and lose a very badly needed plan.

The second area, protecting American consumers. In the last few decades in too many industries, a handful of giant companies dominate the market. In meat processing, railroads, shipping. Too often, they use their power to squeeze out smaller competitors, stifle new entrepreneurs, and raise the prices, reducing options for consumers and exploiting workers to keep wages unfairly low. You see that in your own life. Just look at your grocery bill and the cost of meat. It’s not because the cattle farmer’s getting rich. Matter of fact, it’s the exact opposite. It’s because fewer processors can charge grocery stores much more money for their ground beef, for example. You’ve heard me say before, capitalism without competition isn’t capitalism, it’s exploitation. And I’m determined to end the exploitation. Later this month, I’ll be meeting with my Competition Council, which includes key economic leaders from across my administration, to keep pushing for more broad action and increase competition across our economy because healthy competition produces lower prices, higher wages, and more dynamic and innovative economies. That makes everybody better off.

Third, I’m working to reduce the largest cost burden of household budgets, costs that don’t need to be such a burden. And the biggest weapon in our arsenal is my Build Back Better Act, which will reduce what families have to pay for basic necessities to live a life, raise a family, from prescription drugs to healthcare, to childcare and more help so families can cover the cost of raising their children and caring for their loved ones, their older loved ones. As we’ve seen over and over and over again throughout this pandemic, if people can’t find affordable childcare, they can’t work. Right now, there are two million extremely qualified men who have not been able to return to work because they can’t find or can’t afford childcare. On healthcare, we’ve made quality coverage through the ACA more affordable than ever before, with families saving an average of $2,400 on their annual premiums and four out of five consumers finding quality coverage for under $10 a month. And the result when you reduce the cost of healthcare, more people can afford to get it. Over four million people have gained coverage since I became president.

You’ve heard me say it a million times, having healthcare is also about peace of mind. For example, we’re going to make it so nobody will pay more than $35 a month for insulin. Imagine you’re a parent, and with the one of the 200,000 children in this country have Type 1 diabetes. Insulin can cost on average, it’s averaged 650 bucks a month, but cannot cost as much as a thousand dollars a month, even though a vial of that insulin costs about 10 bucks to manufacture. We can do all this. We can do it without increasing inflation, without increasing the deficit. Nobody making more than $400,000 a year, less than $400,000 a year will pay a penny more in federal taxes. So we’re going to keep working on these fronts.

Some of them have components that are immediate, like unsticking the supply chain. Some will show their benefits over time, like investments in infrastructure, but all will help America’s families. And it’s urgent we get moving on all of it without delay. Because at this moment as a country, we face an important choice. Do we take the steps to create an economy with strong, sustainable growth, higher wages, and more opportunities for all Americans? Or do we settle for an economy that wasn’t working for our middle class even before the pandemic began, an economy that delivered sluggish growth, stagnant wages, limited opportunities? I’m not an economist, but I’ve been doing this a long time. But here’s the way to look at it. If car prices are too high right now, they’re two solutions. You increase the supply of cars by making more of them or you reduce demand for cars by making Americans poorer. That’s the choice. Believe it or not, there’s a lot of people in the second camp. You’re hearing them complain that wages are rising too fast among very middle class and working class people who have endured decades of stalled incomes.

Their view of the economy says the only solution to our current, future challenges is to make the working families that are the backbone of our country poor or keep them in the state they’re in. It’s a pessimistic vision, and I reject it. I reject the idea that we should somehow punish people because they finally have a little more breathing room. America doesn’t need to settle for less, we need an economy that has the capacity to generate more growth, more jobs, and more opportunity for all Americans. That’s why we’re going to keep doing everything we can to, one, unstick the bottlenecks that are keeping goods from getting to consumers, two, build better infrastructure so that we can get parts and goods to factory floors quicker and cheaper, three, bring more of that production back here to the United States to make our supply chain more secure.

Let’s make America. Let’s make what we’re selling in America made in America so we’re not at risk of foreign supply chains and shipping delays. And in doing so, get more Americans working in jobs with rising wages. And I want to be clear, I’m confident the Federal Reserve will act to achieve their dual goals of full employment at stable prices and make sure that price increases do not become entrenched over a long term with the independence that they need. But the best way that I as president and the Congress as a legislature can tackle high prices is by building a more productive economy with greater capacity to deliver for the American people, a growing economy where people have more opportunities, more small businesses opening, and I might add parenthetically, there’s 30% increase in the application for new small businesses, and goods get to market faster. Economy where we don’t just grow the economic pie to make sure people who bake the pie get a fair slice of it as well.

For too long, Republicans have thrown around terms like pro-growth and supply-side economics to drive an economic agenda that didn’t deliver enough growth and supplied more wealth to those who already were very well off. From day one, my economic agenda has been different. It’s been about taking a fundamentally new approach to our economy. One that sees the prosperity of working families as a solution, not the problem. There’s never been a time I can think of when the middle class and working class have done well that the wealthy haven’t done very well. Working families need to get a fighting chance. And by the way, the stock market, the last guy’s measure of everything, it’s about 20% higher than it was when my predecessor was there. It has hit record after record after record on my watch while making things more equitable for working class people.

At the same time, we’ve created jobs, reduced unemployment, raised wages. As I’ve always said, when working people do well, everybody benefits. I’m determined to grow the economy from the bottom up and the middle out, because when we do, we get more growth, higher wages, more jobs, and over time, lower prices. But don’t take my word for it, just look at the results, historical results, results for working Americans. Economists call this increase to productive capacity of our economy. I call it building back better. That’s what we’re going to keep doing, we’re going to keep building. I thank you all very much. And I’ll get a chance to talk to all of you on Tuesday when I am down in Georgia talking about voting rights, but thank you.

No, I don’t think COVID is here to stay. Having COVID in the environment, here and in the world, is probably here to stay. But COVID, as we’re dealing with it now, is not here to stay. The new normal doesn’t have to be. We have so many more tools we’re developing and continuing to develop that can contain COVID and other strains of COVID. So I don’t believe this is that… If you take a look, we’re very different today than we were a year ago, even though we still have problem.

But 90% of the schools are open now. Was 98, it’s down to 90, but is open now because we spent the time and the money in the Recovery Act to provide for the ability of schools to remain open. And what we’re doing now is we talked about how we’re dealing with testing. Well, we have been doing now, we’ve had 300 million tests per month so far, and that’s 11 million tests a day. In addition to that, we’re in the process of ordering 500,000 new tests. And so we’re going to be able to control this. The new normal is not going to be what it is now, it’s going to be better. Thank you very much. In our lives and the lives of our nation, life of our nation, there are moments so stark that they divide all that came before and everything they’ve followed. They stop time. They rip away the trivial from the essential and they force us to confront hard truths about ourselves, about our institutions and about our democracy. In the words of scripture, to remind us to hate evil, love good and establish justice in the gate. Last week, President Harris and I stood in the United States Capital to observe one of those before and after moments in American history, January 6th, insurrection on the Citadel of our democracy. Today, we come to Atlanta, the cradle of civil rights to make clear what must come after that dreadful day, when a dagger was literally held at the throat of American democracy. We stand on the grounds to connect Clark, Atlanta, Atlanta University, Morehouse College, near Spelman College, the home of generation of advocates, activists, educators and preachers. Young people, just like the students here who have done so much to build a better America.

… on so much to build a better America. We visited the sacred Ebeneezer  church and paused to pray at the crypt of Doctor and Mrs. King and spent time with their family. And here in the district as was pointed out, represented and reflected the life of beloved friend, John Lewis. In their lifetimes, time stopped when a bomb blew up the 16th Street Baptist church in Birmingham and murdered four little girls. They stopped when John and many others seeking justice were beaten and bloodied while crossing the bridge at Selma, named after the grand dragon of a Ku Klux Klan. They stopped. Time stopped.

They forced the country to confront the hard truths and to act, to act, to keep the promise of America alive, the promise that holds that we’re all created equal, but more importantly deserve to be treated equally. And from those moments of darkness and despair came light and hope. Democrats and Republicans and independents, worked to pass the historic Civil Rights Act, and the voting rights legislation. And each successive generation continued that ongoing work.

But then the violent mob of January 6th, 2021, empowered and encouraged by a defeated former president, sought to win through violence what he had lost at the ballot box, to impose the will of the mob to overturn a free and fair election. And for the first time, the first time in American history, to stop the peaceful transfer of power. They failed.

They failed, but democracy’s victory was not certain, nor is democracy’s future. That’s why we’re here today to stand against the forces in America, that value power over principle, forces that attempted a coup, a coup against the legally expressed will of the American people by sowing doubt, inventing charges of fraud and seeking to steal the 2020 election from the people. They want chaos to reign. We want the people to rule.

Let me be clear. This is not about me or Vice President Harris or our party. It’s about all of us. It’s about the people, it’s about America. Hear me plainly. The battle for the soul of America is not over. We must stand strong and stand together to make sure January 6th marks not the end of democracy, but the beginning of a renaissance of our democracy.

For the right to vote and have that vote count is democracy’s threshold of liberty. Without it, nothing is possible. But with it, anything is possible. While the denial of fair and free elections is undemocratic, it is not unprecedented. Black Americans were denied full citizenship voting rights until 1965. Women were denied the right to vote just 100 years ago.

The United States Supreme Court in recent years has weakened the Voting Rights Act. And now the defeated former president and his supporters used a big lie about the 2020 election to fuel torrent and torment and anti-voting laws, new laws designed to suppress your vote, to subvert our elections.

Here in Georgia, for years, you’ve done the hard work of democracy, registering voters, educating voters, getting voters of the polls. You’ve built a broad coalition of voters, black, white, Latino, Asian American, urban, suburban, rural, working class and middle class. And it’s worked. You’ve changed the state by bringing more people legally to the polls.

That’s how you won the historic collections of Senator Rafael Warnock and Senator John Ossoff. You did it. You did it the right way, the democratic way. And what’s been the reaction of Republicans in Georgia? Choose the wrong way, the undemocratic way. To them, too many people voting in a democracy is a problem. So they’re putting up obstacles.

For example, voting by mail is a safe and convenient way to get more people to vote. So they’re making it harder for you to vote by mail. The same way I might add, in the 2020 election, President Trump voted from behind the desk, in the White House in Florida. Dropping your ballots off to secure drop boxes. It’s safe, it’s convenient, and you get more people to vote. So they’re limiting the number of drop boxes and the hours you can use them.

Taking away the options has a predictable effect, longer lines at the polls, lines that can last for hours. You’ve seen it with their own eyes. People get tired, they get hungry. When the Bible teaches us to feed the hungry and give water to the thirsty, the new Georgia law actually makes it illegal. Think of this.

I mean, 2020 and now ’22, going into that election, it makes it illegal to bring your neighbors, your fellow voters, food or water while they wait line to vote. What in the hell … heck are we talking about? I mean, think about it.

That’s not America. That’s what it looks like when they suppress the right to vote. And here’s how they plan to subvert the election. The Georgia Republican party, the state legislature has now given itself the power to make it easier for partisan actors, their cronies, to remove local election officials. Think about that. What happened in the last election?

The former president and allies pursued, threatened and intimidated state and local election officials. Election workers, ordinary citizens were subject to death threats, menacing phone calls, people stalking them in their homes. Remember what the defeated former president said to the highest ranking election official, a Republican in this state? He said, quote, “I just want to find 11,780 votes.”

Pray, God. He didn’t say that part. He didn’t say, count the votes.” He said, find votes that he needed to win. He failed because of the courageous officials, Democrats, Republicans, who did their duty and upheld the law. But with this new law in Georgia, his loyalists will be placed in charge of state elections. What is that going to mean?

Well, the chances for chaos and subversion are even greater, as partisans seek the results they want, no matter what the voters have said, no matter what the count. The votes of nearly five million Georgians will be up for grabs if that law hold. It’s not just here in Georgia.

Last year alone, 19 states not proposed, but enacted 34 laws attacking voting rights. There are nearly 400 additional bills republican members of state legislatures tried to pass. And now Republican legislators in several state have already announced plans to escalate the onslaught this year. Their endgame, to turn the world of voters into a mere suggestion, something states can respect or ignore.

Jim Crow 2.0 is about two insidious things, voter suppression and election subversion. It’s no longer about who gets to vote. It’s about making it harder to vote. It’s about who gets to count the vote and whether your vote counts at all. It’s not hyperbole. This is a fact.

Look, this matters to all of us. The goal of the former president’s allies is to disenfranchise anyone who votes against them. Simple as that. The facts won’t matter. Your vote won’t matter. They’ll just decide what they want and then do it. That’s the kind of power you see in totalitarian states, not in democracies.

We must be vigilant. And the world is watching. I’ve known the majority of the world leaders, the good and the bad ones, adversaries and allies alike. They’re watching American democracy and seeing whether we can meet this moment. And that’s not hyperbole.

When I showed up at the G7 with seven other world leaders, there were total of nine present. Vice President Harris and I have spent our careers doing this work. I said, “America’s back.” And the response was, “For how long? For how long?” As someone who’s worked in foreign policy my whole life, I never thought I would ever hear our allies say something like that.

Over the past year, we directed federal agency to promote access to voting, led by the vice president. We’ve appointed top civil rights advocates to help the US Department of Justice, which has doubled its voting rights enforcement staff.

Today, we call on Congress to get done what history will judge. Pass the Freedom to Vote Act. Pass it now, but to prevent voter suppression. So here in Georgia, there’s full access to voting by mail. There are enough drop boxes during the enough hours so they can bring food and water as well to people waiting in line. The Freedom To Vote Act takes on election subversion to protect nonpartisan electors, officials who are doing their job, from intimidation and interference, and would get dark money out of politics, create fair district maps and ending partisan gerrymandering.

Look, it’s also time to pass The John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act. I’ve been having these quiet conversations with members of Congress for the last two months. I’m tired of being quiet. Folks, it’ll restore the strength of the Voting Rights Act of ’65, the one President Johnson signed after John Lewis was beaten, nearly killed on bloody Sunday, only to have the Supreme Court weaken it multiple times over the past decade. Restoring the Voting Rights Act would mean the Justice Department can stop discriminatory laws before they go into effect, before they go into effect. The vice president and I …

… into effect. The vice president and I have supported voting rights bill since day one of this administration, but each and every time Senate Republicans have blocked away. Republicans oppose, even debating the issue. You hear me? I’ve been around the Senate a long time. I was vice president of eight years. I’ve never seen a circumstance where not one single Republican has a voice that’s ready to speak for justice now. When I was a Senator, including when I headed up the Judiciary Committee, I helped reauthorize the Voting Act three times. We held hearings. We debated. We voted. Was able to extend the Voting Rights Act for 25 years. In 2006, the Voting Right Act passed 390 to 33 in the House of Representatives and 98 to 0 in the Senate, with votes from 16 current sitting Republicans in this United States Senate. 16 of them voted to extend it.

The last year I was chairman, as some of my friends sitting down here will tell you, Strom Thurmond voted to extend the voting rights actually. Strom Thurmond.

You can say that again. Wow. You have no idea how darn hard I worked on that one. But folks, then it was signed into law, the last time, by President George W. Bush. You know, when we get voting rights extended in 1980, as I said, even Thurmond supported it. Think about that. The man who led one of the longest filibusters in history in the United States Senate, 1957, against the Voting Rights Act. The man who led and sided with all Southern bulls in the United States Senate to perpetuate segregation of this nation. Even Strom Thurmond came to support voting rights. But Republicans today are can’t and won’t. Not a single Republican has displayed the courage to stand up to a defeated president to protect America’s right to vote. Not one. Not one.

We have 50-50 in the United States Senate. That means we have 51 presidents. You all think I’m kidding. I’ve been pretty good at working with Senates my career, but man when you got 51 presidents, it gets harder. Any one can change the outcome. Sadly, the United States Senate, designed to be the world’s greatest deliberative body, has been rendered a shell of its former self. Gives me no satisfaction in saying that as an institutionalist, as a man who was honored to serve in the Senate. But as an institutionalist, I believe that the threat to our democracy is so grave that we must find a way to pass these Voting Rights Bills. Debate them, vote, let the majority prevail. And if that bare minimum is blocked, we have no option, but to change the Senate rules, including getting rid of the filibuster for this.

You know, last year, if I’m not mistaken, the filibuster was used 154 times. The filibuster has been used to generate compromise in the past, promote some bipartisanship, but is also used to obstruct, including, especially obstruct civil rights and voting rights. And when it was used, senators traditionally used to have to stand and speak at their desk, for however long it took. And sometimes it took hours. And when they sat down, if no one immediately stood up, anyone could call for a vote or the debate ended. But that doesn’t happen today. Senators no longer even have to speak one word. Filibuster’s not used by Republicans to bring the Senate together, but to pull it further apart. Filibusters are weaponized and abused. All the state legislative assaults on voting rights is simple. All you need in your House and Senate is a pure majority. In the United States Senate, it takes a super majority, 60 votes, even get a vote, instead of 50 to protect the right to vote.

State legislators can pass anti-voting laws with simple majorities. If they can do that, then the United States Senate should be able to protect voting rights by a simple majority. Today I’m making it clear. To protect our democracy, I support changing the Senate rules, whichever way they need to be changed, to prevent a minority of Senators from blocking action on voting rights. When it comes to protecting majority rule in America, the majority should rule in the United States Senate. I make this announcement with careful deliberation, recognizing the fundamental right to vote is a right from which all other rights flow. And I make it with an appeal to my Republican colleagues, to those Republicans who believe in the rule of law, restore the bipartisan tradition of voting rights. The people who restored it, who abided by it in the past were Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George HW Bush, George W bush. They all supported the voting rights act. Don’t let the Republican party morph into something else. Restore the institution of the Senate the way it was designed to be. Senate rules were just changed to raise the debt ceiling. So we wouldn’t renig on our debt for the first time in our history, prevent an economic crisis. That was done by simple majority.

As Senator Warnock said a few weeks ago in a powerful speech, ” If we change the rules to protect the full faith and credit of the United States, we should be able to change the rules to protect the heart and soul of our democracy.” He was right. In the days that followed John Lewis’ death, there was an outpouring of praise and support across the political spectrum. But as we stand here today, it isn’t enough just to praise his memory. We must translate eulogy into action. We need to follow John Lewis’ footsteps. We need to support the bill and his name. Just a few days ago, we talked about, up in the Congress and the White House, the event coming up shortly to celebrate Dr. King’s birthday. And Americans of all stripes will praise him for the content of his character. But as Dr. King’s family said before, it’s not enough to praise their father. They even said on this holiday, don’t celebrate his birthday unless you’re willing to support what he lived for and what he died for.

The next few days, when these bills come to a vote, will mark a turning point in this nation’s history. We will choose. The issue is, will we choose democracy over autocracy. Light over shadows. Justice over injustice. I know where I stand. I will not yield. I will not flinch. I will defend the right to vote. Our democracy against all enemies, foreign and, yes, domestic.

The question is, where will the institution of the United States senate stand? Every Senator, Democrat, Republican, and Independent have to declare where they stand. Not just for the moment, but for the ages. Will you stand against voter suppression? Yes or no? That’s the question they’ll answer. Will you stand against election subversion? Yes or no? Will you stand for democracy? Yes or no? There’s one thing every Senator, every American should remember. History has never been kind to those who’ve sided with voter suppression over voters rights. And it’ll be less kind for those side with election subversion.

So I ask every elected official in America. How do you want to be remembered at consequential moments in history? They present a choice. Do you want to be on then the side of Dr. King or George Wallace? Do you want to be on the side of John Lewis or Bull Connor? Do you want to be the side of Abraham Lincoln or Jefferson Davis? This is the moment to decide, to defend our elections, to defend our democracy.

And if you do that, you will not be alone. That’s because the struggle to protect voting rights has never been born by one group alone. We saw freedom riders of every race, leaders of every faith marching arm and arm. And yes, Democrats and Republicans in Congress of the United States and in the presidency. I did not live the struggles of Douglas, Tubman, King, Lewis, Goodman, Chaney, Schwerner, countless others, known and unknown. I did not walk in the shoes of generations of students who walked these grounds, but I walked other grounds. Because I’m so damn old, I was there as well. You think I’m kidding, man. Seems like yesterday, the first time I got arrested. Anyway. But their struggles, here. They’re the ones that opened my eyes, as a high school student in the late fifties and early sixties. They got me more engaged in the work of my life. And what we’re talking about today is rooted in the very idea of America. The idea that Annell Ponder, who graduated from Clark Atlanta, captured in a single word. She was a teacher and a librarian, who was also an unyielding champion of voting rights. In 1963, when I was just starting college university, after registering voters in Mississippi, she was pulled off a bus, arrested and jailed where she was brutally beaten. In her cell, next to her, was Fannie Lou Hamer, who described the beating this way and I quote, “I could hear the sounds of the licks and the horrible screams. They beat her. I don’t know for how long. And after a while, she began to pray and ask God to have mercy on those people.” Annell Ponder’s friends visited her the next day. Her face was badly swollen. She could hardly talk, but she managed to whisper one word, “Freedom.” Freedom, the only word she whispered. After nearly 250 years since our founding, that singular idea still echoes, but it’s up to all of us to make sure it never fades.

But it’s up to all of us to make sure it never fades. Especially the students here, your generation that just started voting, as there are those who are trying to take away that vote you just started to be able to exercise. But the giants we honor today were your age when they made clear who we must be as a nation. Not a joke. Think about it. In the early sixties they were sitting where you’re sitting. They were you, and like them you give me much hope for the future. Before and after in our lives and the life of this nation, democracy is who we are, who we must be now and forever. Let’s stand in this breach together. Let’s love good, establish justice in the gate.

And remember, as I said, this is one of those defining moments in American history. Each of those who vote will be remembered by class after class, in the fifties and sixties, the 2000 and fifties and sixties. Each one of the members of the Senate is going to be judged by history on where they stood before the vote, and where they stood after the vote. There’s no escape. Let’s get back to work. As my grandfather Finnegan used to say, “Every time I walked out the door in Scranton,” he’d say, “Joey, keep the faith.” Then he’d say, “No, Joey, spread it.” Let’s spread the faith and get this done. May God bless you all, and may God protect the sacred right to vote. Thank you. I mean it. Let’s go get this done. Thank you.Thank you. My name is Joe Biden. I’m Joe Biden’s husband and Valerie Biden’s brother. And let me start off by saying, Javier, when you’re president and they say, “Joe Biden’s out in the waiting room,” promise me you won’t say, “Joe, who?” Thank you for that introduction, Javier, and for your incredible leadership at such a young age down in Florida. Who knows? Maybe, as I said, someday you’ll be standing here. And Jill just mentioned, along with Kamala and Doug, t’s great to see so many friends, and I mean that, friends here in Pride Month, here in the White House.

Speaker Pelosi is here. God love her. Thank you, .  Chuck Schumer from New York. Senator Tammy Baldwin is here, too. Congressman Dave Cicilline is here, and the senator who took my seat in the United States Senate, a guy named Chris Coons, with other members of the equality caucus. There are too many other people to mention by name. I shouldn’t probably have started, but I want to say I acknowledge Judy and David Shepard, parents of Matthew Shepard. We spent some time together at a very difficult time, at the time. And what you’ve done and what Matthew did and what all of us are … I mean, look what’s happened, in no small part because of you. I mean that sincerely. It’s good to see you both again. It really is.

By the way, it’s almost exactly seven years since the Supreme Court affirmed marriage equality in America. And Jim, you called me on the steps of the Supreme Court after that. Where’s Jim? There you go. You called me. I got this phone call when the court decision came down. And Jim was standing on … I think you were on the steps of the Supreme Court when you called me and said, “Well, we did it, we did it, we did it.” The victor is not just for you and John, but for the whole country, the whole country.” Jim, it’s good to see you, pal. It really is.

And as a point of personal privilege, I want to acknowledge Sarah McBride. Sarah, where are you? Sarah used to work for our deceased son, Beau, in Attorney General’s Office in Delaware. She’s the first transgender state senator in history and, when I served as Vice President, served as an intern in the White House, as well. That’s why I kept my office going . As I said, she also worked for our beloved son, Beau, the Attorney General, and they passed … Anyway, they did a lot. They did a lot together. Sarah, wonderful to see you, kiddo.

Look, last year, we hosted this event. The message is simple. Pride is back at the White House. From day one, this has been the most pro-equality administration in history, led by guys like Pete Buttigieg and so many others. I think we have more LGBTQ+ people than any administration or every administration combined. No, I really mean it. I really mean it because I promised when I got elected I wanted my administration to look like America, look like America across the board. And we’ve done that, record number of out and proud appointees at every single level of our government. And as I said, Secretary Buttigieg, who needs no introduction, is doing an outstanding job of rebuilding America. And I mean that in a literal sense and not just in terms of what he’s doing in transportation, but he’s helping rebuild pride in America.

And my public spokesman, Karine Jean-Pierre, is making history . We’re also joined by the Assistant Secretary of Health and Education and Human Services, Admiral Rachel Levine, and under Secretary of Defense, Sean Steele. Where is he? Where is under Secretary of Defense? There you go. Thank you very much, the first and second transgender Americans to be senate-confirmed in American history.

Let me say, as Commander in Chief, I’m proud to have ended the un-American ban on transgender Americans serving in our military. And just last week, the Department of Defense announced new policies allowing HIV-positive service members to finally be able to deploy and commission. I’m also proud to have signed at executive order on my first day in office to combat discrimination against LGBTQLI, excuse me, plus Americans in housing, in healthcare, in education, in employment, financial service and the criminal justice system. First thing I signed.

No one knows better than the people in this room, we have a lot more work to do, a lot more work to do. I don’t have to tell you about the ultra MAGA agenda attacking families and our freedoms. 300 discriminatory bills introduced in the states across this country. In Texas, knocking on front doors to harass and investigate parents who are raising transgender children. In Florida, going after Mickey Mouse, for God’s sake. That struck close to home. No, but think about this. All of you in this room know better than anyone that these attacks are real and consequential for real families.

Just look at what happened in Idaho last weekend. 31 white supremacists stopped just before they reached the pride celebration where they apparently planned to unleash violence on people gathering peacefully in a show of their pride. I’m grateful for the swift response of law enforcement and they responded. They responded. Violent attacks on community, including ongoing attacks on transgender women of color, make our nation less safe because the attacks are more than ever last year and they’re on pace again this year. They’re disgusting and they have to stop.

Right now, there are young people sitting in their bedroom, doors closed, silent, scrolling through social media, staring at the ceiling, wondering if they’ll ever be loved, ever marry, ever have a family, be accepted by their own family sometimes. Our son started an organization before he died to make sure that people understood what it meant, going all around the country, letting people know, trying to train families, the mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, of LGBTQ+ people that they have to reach out, embrace and love their blood, to allow them to be themselves, or whether they should even be here on earth, a lot of folks wonder.

I found my friends, some of my gay friends, I’ve asked them, “What was it like as a kid?” I can’t imagine what it’s like, locking yourself in that room and wondering, just staring at the ceiling, just wondering. And I would note parenthetically that we owe an awful lot to those early, early folks who had the courage to stand up. No, I really mean it. The message then was not only could you be physically beaten, but you’d lose your job. We owe so many people.

My message to all the young people, just be you. You loved, you are heard, you are understood, you do belong. And I want you to know that, as your president, all of us on this stage have your back. We have your back. Receive who you are  of God and deserving dignity, respect, and support. Today, I’m about to sign an executive order that directs key federal agencies to protect our communities from those hateful attacks and advance equality for families. My order will use the full force of the federal government to prevent inhumane practices of conversion therapy.

This is the first time the federal government is leading a coordinated response against this dangerous, discredited practice. The executive order will also support mental health for children by addressing bullying and suicide and making our schools safer. Addressing the nation’s mental health crisis is a key pillar of the unity agenda I announced in the State of the Union address. My executive order also will take on discrimination that children and parents face in foster care. I’m also going to support older adults so they can age with dignity. And also, there’s a lot there that aren’t.

And we’ll also do so much to protect and support our fellow Americans, but Congress has to pass an act, as well, and that’s the Equality Act, which will enshrine the long overdue civil rights to protect all Americans, every American.

Let me close with this. We’re in a battle for the very soul this nation, and that’s not hyperbole. We’re in a battle for the soul of the nation. When I look around this room here and all you here today, it’s a battle I know we will win. We will win. And we’ll do so on the shoulders of so many people who are no longer with us, but who paved the way for us, people like Gloria Allen, known as Mama Gloria, who transitioned in 1950s and who passed away just two days ago, people like the legendary advocate, Mr. Vad.

You know what I mean? You go back and think of the people who passed away last month from cancer and who once said the Gay Rights Movement is an integral part of the American promise of freedom. We’re all here today. Thank you, thank you, thank you  deliver the American promise of freedom. May God bless you all and may God protect our troops.

Now, I’m going to sign an executive order. Joining me will be a group of young people who are standing up for equity and the promise of freedom, as well as a few other folks. So folks, thank you. I know you’ve been standing a long time. Just lean against one another. It’s so crowded, it will all work out. Okay? Thank you, thank you.

Thank you. Advancing equality for liberation for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersex individual. That’s what I’m about to sign. And we usually give a pen to everyone who’s part of this, but I only have one with me today. And Mr. President, it’s yours. Folks one more thing. . He’d yell, “Joey, keep the faith.” My grandma  and yelled, “No, spread the faith.” Go spread it. Let’s go..

That she did. She just made the commencement of speeches at the Los Angeles Community College.

Oh, by the way, I’m Jill Biden’s husband, she’s right there.

It’s good to be back Jimmy-

… I thought maybe you wanted me to just stay on Fox all the time.

Oh, they really ask serious questions.

No, I never mind having a conversation with someone really smart.

.

Well, I think a lot of it’s intimidation by the NRA. And look, this is not your father’s Republican Party, this is a MAGA party, it’s a very different Republican Party. And so you find people who are worried, I believe that if they vote for rational gun policy, they’re going to be primaried, and they’re going to lose in a hard right Republican primary.

Well, many of them do. I get in trouble for saying this, but I get on, we have very different views on a lot of things, but I’ve always had a straight relationship with the majority, the Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, he’s a guy that when he says something, he means it. I disagree with a lot of what he says, but he means it, there are a number of-

That’s right.

Well, no, what he did… Look, he’s a leader of a party that’s moved very hard right, and so in order to get anything done, he has a different problem than he did early on before Trump became president.

They haven’t.

That’s why-

You may remember, the last time we did something serious about guns was when I passed the Assault Opens Ban, I was the guy that sponsored that, got it passed, limiting a number of bullets that could be in a magazine, the whole background checks, a whole range of things. And we passed and violent crime and gun crime dropped off, but I could only get it pass for 10 years, it had to be reauthorized. And when the first Bush administration came along, they didn’t reauthorize it, we didn’t have the votes. And so what happened was all of a sudden it came back, and you could own assault weapons again.

And guess what? Crime went up significantly three times. So there is a direct correlation between the kinds of weapons that can be had.

I met with every single family member of all those kids who were killed, and the teachers killed down in Uvalde, Texas. And they stayed with me for almost four hours, over 200 of them, meaning family and extended family, and the stories they told and the pain you could see on their faces, it just made you…. It just, it leaves such a…

I think we should make the demand. Here’s what has to happen, all of you folks and I hope… and I’m not being facetious when I say this, hope the Republicans here as well, you got to make sure that this becomes a voting issue. It’s got to be one of those issues where you decide your position on the issue, Senator or the candidate for House or Senate on what we’re going to do on with assault weapons, and how maybe it’ll have 300 rounds in a magazine, what you say on those things going to determine how I’m going to vote for you, it should be one of those issues.

Well, we did last time, as I said, and it expired in 2004.

Well, I did.

Well, I have issued executive orders within the power of the presidency to be able to deal with these… everything having to do with guns, gun ownership, whether or not you have to have a waiting, all the things are within my power, but what I don’t want to do, and I’m not being facetious, I don’t want to emulate Trump’s abuse of the constitution and constitutional authority. And so…

And I mean that sincerely, because I often get asked, “Well, if the Republicans don’t play at square, why do you play at square?” Well guess what? If we do the same thing they do, our democracy will literally be in jeopardy.

It’s not a joke.

We got to send them to jail. There’s that little box, “Directly to jail.”

And my granddaughter.

And Beyonce.

It’s my daughter’s birthday.

Happy birthday baby.

No, no, no. My dad used to have an expression, “Family is the beginning, the middle and the end.”

Well, in climate change, we’ve actually made some real moves. One in seven of all the changes that have taken place in terms of solar, wind, and wind pumps, and I mean pumps and like, have occurred in the last 18 months; we’ve moved.

And there’s an opportunity with the process we have dealing with energy to be able to gradually move more rapidly than we have been to alternatives.

For example, electric vehicles, Jimmy, when I got elected… I pushed electric vehicles for the last, I don’t know, God knows how long. Well I had a conversation with the chairman of the board of General Motors, Mary Barra, and she was suing California, remember? Because your standard was too high.

Well, guess what? We had a conversation, I got a call from her about three days, four days later, she dropped the suit and committed she’s going to go all electric in the entire General Motors by 2035, by 2030 .

Well, but it really is. And then Ford came along and did the same thing. So we’re on a path. And what is the successor to Chrysler is doing the same thing. We’re moving in directions that are being slow.

Look, I won by… I got 81 million votes, more than anybody’s ever gotten, and thank you for those who you helped . But what’s happened is we still only ended up with 50 senators, which means that we have 50 presidents.

Here’s the thing that’s interesting, one of the things that’s causing problems is that people think it’s the Democratic Party that’s so divided is the problem, and the problem is we have 48 out of 50 senators vote with me 95% of the time, more than any president has gotten that kind of support from their constituency. But we only have 50, and you can’t get even two, three, four Republicans to vote. Look, what’s happening now with regard to everything from the way they talk about this potential decision from the Supreme Court, I mean, it’s going to be… It’s awful.

Well, what I say to them is, and by the way, they agree on a lot of these proposals relating to everything from choice all the way to-

Well, yeah, I know, but it’s not like they are there 80% of the time, the pace that they’re not there is Joe’s not there on a lot of the things having to do with the climate and the environment, because he comes from coal country and he has a different view, and Kyrsten is not always there in terms of the tax policies.

Look, here’s where we are. We have the fastest growing economy in the world, the world, the world; we have 8.6 million new jobs just since I got in office, unemployment rate’s down to 3.6%, we’ve reduced the deficit last year by $320 billion, this year going to reduce it by $1.7 trillion, trillion dollars. And so we’re the strongest economy, and that’s allowed us at to stay on top of, and a little bit ahead of what’s happening around the world.

Second thing is, look, inflation is the bane of our existence. Inflation is mostly in food, and in gasoline, at the pump.

We could. But here’s the deal, you know, my dad used say every, every family has a little bit of breathing room. If you take and look at all the costs that a family has on a monthly basis, it also includes healthcare, prescription drugs, childcare, all those things. When I’m proposing we get, and I think we can get it done, I’m proposing that we in fact reduce the cost of those things.

Why should anybody… And anybody of you in the audience know anybody who has to take insulin every month because they have  one diabetes, type 2 diabetes? Well guess what? They’re charge as high as a thousand bucks a month in some places, average $647 a month on average.

Well, if I pass what I want to get done, which we can do, and we can do it relatively easy, it’s not going to cost more than $35 a month. It cost these companies. No, no, I’m not-

This is not, as our friends on Fox would say, socialism, this is very practical. It costs 10 bucks to make vial, so charging $35 gives them a significant profit.

They don’t need… For example, our oil companies, oil companies, instead of everybody says, “Well, Biden, won’t let them drill.” They have 9,000 drilling sites that they’ve already owned that are there. They’re not not drilling and buying back their own stock.

Well, it is screwed up, but we are only a few votes away from being able to straighten it out. We have to get the message across in a way that is understandable to people like the folks in my family, when we grew up, tell people just what the facts are.

And the facts are that this isn’t anything about… this is about building the economy. When I ran, I said, “I want to build a new economy, no more trickle down, from the bottom up and in the middle out, because when the middle does well, everybody does well.” The wealthy do very, very well.

The idea, there are 54 major corporations in America, made 40 billion last year and don’t pay a penny in taxes, not a penny. How many do you think the tax code is fair anywhere along the line here? No, I’m not being facetious now, I’m being deadly earnest. They don’t pay a penny. So if we had a minimum tax of 15% just on  minimum 15, it doesn’t hurt them at all, they make a lot of money still, and we can raise a lot of money to make sure that childcare doesn’t cost you 1,400 bucks a month.

Fox, right?

Well, here’s what I think. Look, think about this. Look what impact the pandemic has had on people. It has had enormous impact, negative impact. Think of just your kids, how how many of them got to go to a prom? How many of them had a graduation that got celebrated? How much has changed in terms of the relationships between people and how they interact with one another? So much has changed.

Vivek Murthy, the surgeon general, talks about the need for significant mental health proposals, relating to people who are feeling, not knowing where they’re going, not knowing how to respond, not knowing how to act. And so there’s a lot we can do. But the bottom line is, I think, that we’ve seen such a radical shift in one party and the ability of that party to… That minority of… the MAGA folks-

Yeah, and-

But I’ve never been more optimistic in my life. So I tell you why.

No, it does. Look at the kids. Look at the young people, best educated, least prejudice, most giving generation in American history. Turn on the television here, turn on, no, I’m serious.

No, I’m serious. Turn on the TV, look at the ads. When’s the last time you saw biracial couples on TV? When’s the last time you saw the way… People are selling products, they do ads to sell products, and they sell products when they appeal to people; this generation is going to change everything. We just got to make sure we don’t give up.

There’s an ability for us to do everything from in increase the access to education, healthcare. Look what we did in healthcare, all the talk about it. I was able to reduce people’s bills about 400 bucks a month.

So there’s a lot of major things we’ve done, but what we haven’t done is we haven’t been able to communicate it in a way that is… Make me say it another way.

But look how the press has changed. Look how the press has changed.

I know you get, you overstand it.

You don’t just understand it, you overstand it. But here’s the deal. One of the things is that it’s very difficult now to have… With notable exceptions, even the really good reporters, they have to get the number of clicks on the nightly news. So instead of asking a question… Anyway, everything gets sensationalized in ways that… But I’m convinced we can get through this. We have to get through it. And one of the things, look-

I don’t blame you.

I call Trump. Everybody talks about sensitive documents and like, I don’t destroy anything, but one of the things that I spent more time with Xi Jinping than anybody, any other head of state. And I’d always be, when I traveled it was 17,000 miles, spent 78 hours with him they’d tell me, all told. And I’d have a consecutive interpreter, and he’d have one. And the difference between when I would do that and others would do it, I always handed in all my notes.

Hand in my notes.

I think if the court overrules Roe V. Wade, and does what is draftick.

Well if that occurs, I think we have to legislate it. We have to make sure we pass legislation making it a law that is the federal government says, “This is how it works.”

And it’s just going to be the beginning, by the way. There used to be a case called Connecticut v. Griswold.

But all kidding aside-

. But Connecticut v. Griswold said that you could not use contraception in the privacy, in your own bedroom, because in the constitution there was no right to privacy. And so they could outlaw it, and if you use contraception, it was against the law. You couldn’t purchase contraception. And there’s a whole range of things that are at stake here when we talk about eliminating Roe v. Wade and all-

It’s just ridiculous in my view. And I don’t think the country will stand for it, but I think what we’re going to have to do, there’s some executive orders I could employ, we believe, we’re looking at that right now, but I want to keep .

It’s clear that if in fact the decision comes down the way it does, and these states impose the limitations they’re talking about, it’s going to cause a mini revolution and they’re going to vote a lot of these and folks out of office.

We got to keep it focused on, if they overrule Roe v. Wade and the state of California won’t do it, but other states say that you cannot do the following, and so as a law you can’t cross the border, you can’t… all the things that some states have, then you got to make sure that you vote, you got to vote and let people know exactly what the devil you think and change it.

But we have made some progress. There 560,000-

But it’s moving, it’s moving. My mother used to say out of everything bad something good will come if you look hard enough for it. So the reduction on the use of oil also increases the need to find alternatives. And that’s why I’m going over to the quote G7, the seven largest economies in the world, and meeting in Germany in a couple weeks.

We can do this. This is the United States America. We can -Good afternoon.

Today, as we watch freedom and liberty under attack abroad, I’m here to fulfill my responsibilities under the constitution to preserve freedom and liberty here in the United States of America. And it’s my honor to introduce to the country, a daughter of former public school teachers, a proven consensus builder, an accomplished lawyer, a distinguished jurist on one of the nation’s most prestigious courts. My nominee for the United States Supreme court is judge Ketanji Jackson.

Four weeks ago when a member of the court, a friend of mine, we used to work together in the Senate, Justice Stephen Breyer announced his retirement, I said then choosing someone to serve on the United States Supreme Court is one of the most serious constitutional responsibility a president has, and I mean it. I promised the process would be rigorous, that it would select the nominee worthy of justice. Breyer’s legacy of excellence and decency; someone extremely qualified with a brilliant legal mind with the utmost character and integrity, which equally is important. And though I would bring to this decision my perspective as a lawyer, former constitutional law professor, chairman of the Judiciary Committee for many, many years, and I’m almost was reluctant to say it, someone who’s been presided over more Supreme court nominations than almost anyone living today, which makes me 28 years old. I started doing it when I was 32. And who was devoted much of my career to thinking about the constitution and the role in the Supreme court.

With that perspective, I carefully studied the record of candidates. I’ve invited senators of both political parties to offer their ideas and points of view, and I’ve met with a number of them. As a result, because I truly respect not only the consent, I know they give consent, but the constitution says advice and concent, and I sought the advice of Democrats and Republicans. I’ve consulted with leading legal scholars and lawyers. And I’ve been fortunate to have the advice of the vice president Harris, and I mean this sincerely, an exceptional lawyer, a former attorney general in California, and a former member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.

And during this process, you look for someone who, like justice Breyer, has a pragmatic understanding that the law must work for the American people; someone who has historical perspective to understand that the constitution is a resilient charter of Liberty; someone with the wisdom to appreciate that the constitution protects certain alienable rights, rights that fall within the most fundamental personal freedoms that our society recognizes. In the end, someone with extraordinary character who’ll bring to the Supreme Court an independent mind, uncompromising integrity, and with a strong moral compass and the courage to up for what she thinks is right. For too long, our government, our courts haven’t looked like America. And I believe it’s time that we have a court that reflects the full talents and greatness of our nation with a nominee of extraordinary qualifications, and that we inspire all young people to believe that they can one day serve their country at the highest level. I’ve admired these traits of pragmatism, historical perspective, wisdom, character in the jurists nominated by Republican and Presidents as well as Democratic Presidents. And today, I’m pleased to introduce to the American people, a candidate who continues in this great tradition.

Judge Jackson grew up in Miami, Florida. And by the way, the mayor of Miami, a Republican, endorsed you. I thought that was interesting. Her parents grew up with segregation, but it never gave up hope that their children would enjoy the true promise of America. Her parents graduated from historic black colleges and became public school teachers, her mom, a principal, her dad, a teacher who later went back to school and became a lawyer representing that very school district, that school board. Judge Jackson describes finding her love for the law from an apartment complex at the University of Miami, where her dad was attending law school. She’d draw in her coloring book at the dining room table next to her dad’s law books. She grew up to be a star student, elected mayor of her junior high school and president of her high school class, where she was a standout. She was a standout on the speech and debate team. And it was after a debate tournament that took place at Harvard when she was in high school that she believed she could one day be a student there. There were those who told her, she shouldn’t set her sight too high, but she refused to accept limits others set for her.

She did go to Harvard undergraduate school, where she graduated Magnum Cum Laude. She went to attend Harvard law school, where she was a top student and editor of the prestigious Law Review. Then, she applied for a highly competitive and covered the clerkship on the United States Supreme Court, and she was selected. The justice who thought she was worthy of this high honor was a young lawyer, was none other than Justice Stephen Breyer whose seat I’m nominating her to fill. Not only did she learn about being a judge from Justice Breyer himself, she saw the great rigor through which justice Breyer approached his work. She learned from his willingness to work with colleagues with different viewpoints, critical qualities, in my view, for any Supreme Court justice. Now, years later, she steps up to fill Justice Breyer’s place in the court with a uniquely accomplished and wide ranging background.

She served both in public service as a federal public defender, and a private law practice as an accomplished lawyer with a prestigious law firm. If confirmed, she will join Justice Sotomayor as the only other member of the United States Supreme Court, who has experienced as a trial court judge, a critical qualification in my view, and, once again, following the footsteps of her mentor justice Breyer, she’s become the only member of the court who previously served as a member of the United States Sentencing Commission.

And she brings additional perspective to the court as well. She comes from a family of law enforcement, with her brother and uncles having served as police officers. That’s one reason I expect by the fraternal order police, the national organization today, said, and I quote, “there’s little doubt she’s has the temperament, the intellect and legal experience and family background have earned this appointment.” And they went on to say there are confident she will quote, “approach her future cases with an open mind and treat issues related to law enforcement fairly and justly.”

Incredibly, judge Jackson has already been confirmed by the United States Senate it three times. First to serve on the US Sentencing Commission, a bipartisan independent commission I helped design to reduce the unwarranted disparities in sentencing and promote transparency and fairness and the criminal justice system. On the commission, Judge Jackson was known for working with the Democrats and Republicans to find common ground on critical issues.

Second, she was confirmed by the United States Senate with bipartisan support on the federal district court to administer justice with the special rigors and fairness that come with presiding over trials.

And third, she was confirmed with bipartisan Senate vote to serve on the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, considered the second most powerful court behind the Supreme Court itself, and the court she once argued cases before as a distinguished advocate. And when judge Jackson was nominated to the circuit court, one of its distinguished retired members, Judge Thomas Griffith, a former judge counsel of Brigham Young University and a George Bush appointed to the court said he backed her enthusiastically, hailing her exemplary legal career in both public and private practice. And it went on to say her careful approach as a trial court judge. Judge Jackson’s service on the DC circuit Court of Appeals is another superb qualification for service on the Supreme Court. Three of the current Supreme Court justices also serve as the DC circuit judges, where Judge Jackson now serves.

Her opinions are always carefully reasoned, tethered to precedent and demonstrate respect for how the law impacts everyday people. It doesn’t mean she puts her thumb on the scale of justice one way or the other, but she understands the broader impact of her decisions. Whether it’s cases addressing the rights of workers or government service, she cares about making sure that a democracy works for the American people. She listens. She looks people in the eye, lawyers, defendants, victims, and families, and she strives to ensure that everyone understands why she may made a decision, what the law is and what it means to them. She strives to be fair, to get it right, to do justice. That’s something all of us should remember, and it’s something I’ve thought about throughout this process. And as a matter of fact, I thought about it walking over here with her.

One floor below, we have several displays celebrating black history month. One of them includes the judicial oath of office taken and signed by Justice Thurgood Marshall, himself, an oath that will be once again, administered to a distinguished American who will help write the next chapter in the history of the journey of America; a journey that judge Jackson will take with her family. I hope I don’t embarrass him, but her husband, Patrick, a surgeon, Dr. Patrick, stand up, let them see who you are. There you go. They met when they’re undergraduate students at Harvard and he’s a distinguished cancer surgeon in Georgetown.

Like so many women in this country, Judge Jackson is a working mom. She had her eldest child, Talia, when she was a private lawyer in practice. She had her second child, Leila, when she served on the US Sentencing Commission. Stand up Leila. I asked Leila when I showed her through the office whether she’d like to be President, she looked …. I don’t know about that, there’s other things … Anyway, Leila, you’re welcome to be here. Thank you so much and welcome your sister, who’s up in school in Rhode Island, Now.

I have children and grandchildren and let me tell you, judge, you’re always a mom. That’s not going to change no matter what you’re doing, whether you’re on the Supreme Court or not. And I’ve always had a deep respect for the Supreme Court and judiciary as a co-equal branch of the government. I mean it. The court is equally as important as the Presidency or the Congress, it’s co-equal.

So today, I’m pleased to not Judge Jackson, who’ll bring extraordinary qualifications, deep experience in intellect and a rigorous judicial record to the court. Judge Jackson deserves to be confirmed as the next justice Supreme Court. I’ve met with the chairman and ranking members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Dick Durbin, Senator Chuck Grassley, and my hope is that they will move promptly, and I know they’ll move fairly.

Judge Jackson, congratulations, and the podium is yours. Let me pull this out for you.

How, where, there you go. You got it, but okay. See Peresident’s can’t do much. Thank you.

I forgot to introduce the First Lady, Dr. Jill Biden and the Second Gentleman, nice, that seems strange to say that, but the second is Doug Emhoff. They’re both here as well, so thank you. Thank you all.Sorry to keep you waiting. Good afternoon. The Russian military has begun a brutal assault on the people of Ukraine without provocation, without justification, without necessity. This is a premeditated attack. Vladimir Putin has been planning this for months, as we’ve been saying all along. He moved more than 175,000 troops and military equipment into positions along the Ukrainian border. He moved blood supplies into position and built a field hospital, which tells you all you need to know about his intentions all along. He rejected every good faith effort the United States and our allies and partners made to address our mutual security concerns through dialogue to avoid needless conflict and avert human suffering.

For weeks, we have been warning that this would happen and now it’s unfolding largely as we predicted. In the past week, we’ve seen shelling increase in the Donbas, a region in Eastern Ukraine controlled by Russian backed separatists. The Russian government has perpetrated cyber attacks against Ukraine. We saw staged political theater in Moscow, outlandish and baseless claims that Ukraine was about to invade and launch a war against Russia, that Ukraine was prepared to use chemical weapons, that Ukraine committed a genocide without any evidence. We saw a flagrant violation of international law in attempting to unilaterally create two new so-called republics on sovereign Ukrainian territory. And at the very moment that the United Nations Security Council was meeting to stand up for Ukraine sovereignty to stave off invasion, Putin declared his war. Within moments, missile strikes began to fall on historic cities across Ukraine. Then came the air raids followed by tanks and troops rolling in. We’ve been transparent with the world. We’ve shared declassified evidence about Russia’s plans and cyber attacks and false pretext so that there could be no confusion or cover up about what Putin was doing. Putin is the aggressor. Putin chose this war and now he and his country will bear the consequences. Today, I’m authorizing additional strong sanctions and new limitations on what can be exported to Russia. This is going to impose severe cost on the Russian economy both immediately and over time. We have purposefully designed these sanctions to maximize the longterm impact on Russia and to minimize the impact on the United States and our allies.

And I want to be clear, the United States is not doing this alone. For months, we’ve been building a coalition of partners representing well more than half the global economy. 27 members of the European Union, including France, Germany, Italy, as well as the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and many others to amplify the joint impact of our response. I just spoke with the G7 leaders this morning and we’re in full and total agreement. We will limit Russia’s ability to do business in dollars, euros, pounds, and yen, to be part of the global economy. We’ll limit their ability to do that. We’re going to stunt the ability to finance and grow the Russian military. We’re going to impair their ability to compete in a high tech 21st century economy.

We’ve already seen the impact of our actions on Russia’s currency in the ruble, which early today hit its weakest level ever in history. The Russia stock market plunged today. The Russian government borrowing rate spiked by over 15%. And today’s actions, we’ve now sanctioned Russian banks that together hold around $1 trillion in assets. We’ve cut off Russia’s largest bank, a bank that holds more than one-third of Russia’s banking assets by itself, cut it off from the U.S. financial system. And today, we’re also blocking four more major banks. That means every asset they have in a America will be frozen. This includes VTB, the second largest bank in Russia, which has $250 billion in assets. As promised, we’re also adding names to the list of Russian elites and their family members that were sanctioned as well.

As I said on Tuesday, these are people who personally gain from the Kremlin’s policies and they should share in the pain. We will keep up this drum beat of those designations against corrupt billionaires in the days ahead. On Tuesday, we stopped the Russian government from raising money from U.S. or European investors. Now we’re going to apply the same restrictions to Russia’s largest state-owned enterprises, companies with assets that exceed $1.4 trillion. Some of the most powerful impacts of our actions will come over time as we squeeze Russia’s access to finances and technology for strategic sector of its economy and degrade its industrial capacity for years to come. Between our actions and those of our allies and partners, we estimate that we’ll cut off more than half of Russia’s high tech imports. It’ll strike a blow to their ability to continue to modernize their military. It’ll degrade their aerospace industry, including their space program. It’ll hurt their ability to build ships, reducing their ability to compete economically, and it will be a major hit to Putin’s longterm strategic ambitions. And we’re preparing to do more. In addition to the economic penalties we’re imposing, we’re also taking steps to defend our NATO allies, particularly in the East. Tomorrow, NATO will convene a summit, we’ll be there, to bring together the leaders of 30 allied nations and close partners to affirm our solidarity and to map out the next steps we will take to further strengthen all aspects of our NATO alliance. Although we provided over $650 million in defensive assistance to Ukraine just this last year, let me say it again, our forces are not and will not be engaged in the conflict with Russia in Ukraine. Our forces are not going to Europe to fight in Ukraine, but to defend our NATO allies and reassure those allies in the East.

As I made crystal clear, the United States will defend every inch of NATO territory with the full force of American power. And the good news is, NATO is more united and more determined than ever. There is no doubt that the United States and every NATO ally will meet our Article Five commitments, which says, “An attack on one is an attack on all.” Over the past few weeks, I ordered thousands of additional forces to Germany and Poland as part of our commitment to NATO. On Tuesday, in response to Russia’s aggressive action, including his troop presence in Belarus and the Black Sea, I’ve authorized the deployment of ground and air forces already stationed in Europe to NATO’s Eastern flank allies, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, and Romania.

Our allies have also been stepping up, the other allies, the rest of NATO, adding their own forces and capabilities to ensure collective defense. And today, within hours of Russia unleashing its assault, NATO came together and authorized and activated an activation of response plans. This will enable NATO’s high readiness forces to deploy when and where they’re needed to protect our NATO allies on the Eastern boundaries of Europe. And now I’m authorizing additional U.S. force capabilities to deploy to Germany as part of NATO’s response, including some of the U.S. based forces that the Department of Defense placed on standby weeks ago. I’ve also spoken with Defense Secretary Austen and Chairman of Joint Chiefs, General Millie, about preparations for additional moves should they become necessary to protect our NATO allies and support the greatest military alliance in the history of the world, NATO.

As we respond, my administration is using every tool at its disposal protect American families and businesses from rising prices at the gas pump. We’re taking active steps to bring down the cost and American oil and gas companies should not exploit this moment to hike their prices to raise profits. In our sanctions package, we specifically designed to allow energy payments to continue. We are closely monitoring energy supplies for any disruption. We’ve been coordinating with major oil producing and consuming countries toward our common interest to secure global energy supplies. We are actively working with countries around the world to elevate collective release from the strategic petroleum reserves of major energy consuming countries. And the United States will release additional barrels of oil as conditions warrant. I know this is hard and that Americans are already hurting. I will do everything in my power to limit the pain the American people are feeling the gas pump. This is critical to me.

But this aggression cannot go unanswered. If it did, the consequences for America would be much worse. America stands up to bullies. We stand up for freedom. This is who we are. Let me also repeat the warning I made last week. If Russia pursues cyber attacks against our companies, our critical infrastructure, we are prepared to respond. For months, we’ve been working closely with the private sector to harden our cyber defenses and sharpen our ability to respond to Russian cyber attack as well. I spoke last night to President Zelesnkyy of Ukraine and I assured him that the United States together with our allies and partners in Europe will support the Ukrainian people as they defend their country. We’ll provide humanitarian relief to ease their suffering. And in the early days of this conflict, Russia propaganda outlets will keep trying to hide the truth and claim success for its military operation against-

Hide the truth and claim success for its military operation against a made up threat. But history has shown time and again, how SWIFT gains in territory eventually give way to grinding occupations, acts of mass civil disobedience, and strategic dead ends.

The next few weeks and months, will be hard on the people of Ukraine. Putin has unleashed a great pain on them, but the Ukrainian people have known 30 years of independence. They’ve repeatedly shown that they will not tolerate anyone who tries to take their country backwards. This is a dangerous moment for all of Europe, for the freedom around the world. Putin has committed assault on the very principles that uphold the global peace.

Now, the entire world sees clearly what Putin and his criminal allies are really all about. This was never about a genuine security concern on their part. It was always about naked aggression, about Putin’s desire for empire, by any means necessary. By bullying Russia’s neighbors through coercion and corruption, by changing borders by force, and ultimately by choosing a war without a cause.

Putin’s actions betray his sinister vision for the future of our world. One where nations take what they want by force, but it is a vision that the United States and freedom loving nations everywhere will oppose with every tool of our considerable power.

The United States and our allies and partners will merge from this stronger, more united, more determined, and more purposeful. Putin’s aggression against Ukraine will end up costing Russia dearly, economically and strategically. We will make sure of that. Putin will be a pariah on the international stage. Any nation accounting Russia’s naked aggression against Ukraine will be stained by association.

When the history of this era is written, Putin’s choice to make a totally unjustifiable war on Ukraine, who will have left Russia weaker, and the rest of the world stronger. Liberty democracy, human dignity. These are the forces far more powerful then fear and oppression. They cannot be extinguished by tyrants like Putin and his armies. They cannot be erased from people’s hearts and hopes by any amount of violence and intimidation. They endure the contest between democracy and autocracy, sovereignty and subjugation. Make no mistake. Freedom will prevail. God bless the people of a free and democratic Ukrainian. May God protect our troops

Associated Press, Zeke.

I heard the first part. Do I have any plans to speak with Putin at this point? And what?

Well, it’s a large conflict already. The way we’re going to assure it’s not going to spiral to a larger conflict is by providing all the forces needed in the Eastern European Nations that are members of NATO. NATO is more united than it’s ever been and I have no plans to talk with Putin.

Wall Street Journal. Sabrina.

The sanctions that we have proposed on all their banks of the equal consequence, maybe more consequence than SWIFT, number one. Number two, it is always an option, but right now that’s not the position that the rest of Europe pushes to take.

Cecilia Vega of ABC.

I have no idea what he’s threatening. I know what he has done. Number one. And number two, no one expected the sanctions to prevent anything from happening. It has to show this is going to take time and we have to show resolve so he knows what’s coming and so the people of Russia know what he’s brought on them. That’s what this is all about. This is going to take time. It’s not going to occur. He’s going to say, “Oh my God, these sanctions are coming. I’m going to stand down.” He’s going to test the resolve of the west to see if we stay together and we will and will impose significant costs on him.

Yes.

First of all, there’s no doubt that when a major nuclear power, attacks and invades another country, that the world is going to respond and markets can respond all over the world. So there’s no doubt about that, number one.

Number two, the notion that this is going to last for a long time is highly unlikely. As long as we continue to stay resolved in imposing the sanctions, we’re going to impose on Russia period. What’s the next question? I’m sorry.

At the time he was. I made it clear as an adversary and I said he was worthy. I didn’t underestimate him and I’ve read most of everything he’s written. Did you read the? I shouldn’t say… I’m not wise guy.

You heard the speech he made, almost an hours worth of speech is why he was going into Ukraine. He has much larger ambitions than Ukraine. He wants to, in fact, reestablish the former Soviet Union. That’s what this is about and I think that his ambitions are completely contrary to the place where the rest of the world has arrived.

Yes. Russian bullets, missiles and tanks in Ukraine. Yes, I am

I didn’t say sanctions couldn’t stop him.

Yes, but the threat of the sanctions and imposing the sanctions and seeing the effect of the sanctions are two different things. They’re two different things and we’re now going to, because he’s going to begin to see the effect of the sanctions.

Because it will so weaken his country that he’ll have to make a very, very difficult choice as the whether to continue to move toward being his second rate power or in fact respond.

It’s not a bluff. It’s on the table.

Yes.

Specifically with the sanctions we’ve imposed, exceed SWIFT. The sanctions we imposed exceed anything that’s ever been done. The sanctions we imposed have generated two-thirds of the world joining us. They are profound sanctions. Let’s have a conversation in another month or so to see if they’re working.

There is a complete rupture right now in US/Russian relations, if they continue on this path that they’re on. In terms of Cold War, that depends. You have the vast majority of the rest of the world in total opposition to what he’s doing, from Asia to South America, to Europe, to around the world. And so it’s going to be a cold day for Russia. The idea you don’t see a whole lot of people coming to his defense.

I’m not prepared to comment on that at the moment.

No. No. No. He’s had his hand it up a long time.

Well, if he did move into NATO countries, we will be involved. We will be involved. The only thing that I’m convinced of is if we don’t stop now, he’ll be emboldened. If we don’t move against him now with these significant sanctions, he will be emboldened. Look, you know every… Well anyway.

I’m sorry. I can’t hear you.

Does the defense department of the United States?

We’re in consultation with India today. We haven’t resolved that completely.Thank you. Well, it’s good to see you all. Denis, the secretary, thank you very much for that introduction, but more importantly, as a lot of the senators here know, for me and my friend for a long time, and thank you for joining the administration. When I was forming the administration, I knew Denis could do any job in the administration, but he wanted to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs because it mattered so much to him. And I think the most important thing to have someone in charge of that department was somebody who cares, cares about what he or she is going to do. I knew he’d pull every lever to deliver results to military veterans and their families. And that’s exactly what he’s done.

I also want to thank all the veteran service organizations here today. I’m going to ask you all the stand. I’m not going to read your names out now, but all the organizations of the veterans organizations please stand. Thank you. Before we leave today and we finish, I want to thank each one of you personally, because you just keep it going for us. You are the most valuable thing the veterans have. I mean it sincerely. So thank you. We owe you a great deal and all the families owe you.

And the Democratic and Republican sponsors as well, especially the leaders of our veterans committee, Big Jon Tester, Jon, thank you very much old buddy, and Senator Moran. And thank you as well as Takano. And Walsh is also here. Where are you? Where is everybody? There you go. Okay. You guys have four ready across. Okay. I need glasses. When I look out, the only thing I see is Joe Manchin. Hey Joe, how are you? God, I wish I had Joe’s hair.

All Kidding aside, all friends, look, y’all did so much to make this state possible all of you. And you’re critical to the passage of the PAC Act, which is on the floor right now. And the act would extend benefits and services of those exposed to burn pits and toxic substances during military services, service, I should say, and we need your support to get it passed. And in my State of the Union address, I laid out a unity agenda, four big things that all of us Democrats, Republicans and independents could tackle together as a nation. First was the opioid crisis, second was mental health, third was cancer, and the fourth was supporting our veterans.

Today, our administration is delivering on that agenda. In just a moment, I’ll be signing nine different bills with overwhelming bipartisan support that improve care for our veterans and honor their service and their sacrifice. And you’ve heard me say it many times before, our nation has many obligations. It only has one truly sacred obligation. And I mean it and I’ve been saying this for over 35 years, sacred obligation. And that’s prepare and equip those we send them into harm’s way and to care for them and their families when they come home. It’s a sacred obligation, because veterans are the backbone, the spine of who we are as a country. Less than 1% of the population risk everything to defend our nation and our values and everything we hold dear. The 99% of us who don’t, we owe them, we owe them big. And that’s what today’s all about is paying a debt in my view.

The United States and the State of the Union I talked about, we need to talk about burn pits that incinerate waste of war, tires, poisonous chemicals, jet fuels and so much more I won’t even mention. Toxic smoke with thick poisons spreading through our bases and into the lungs of our troops. And when they came home, many of the fittest and best trained warriors we’ve ever had were not the same, headaches, numbness, dizziness, cancer. My son Beau was one of them.

Under Secretary McDonough leadership, the VA is pioneering new ways to link toxic exposure to diseases and to help more veterans get the care they need. Earlier this year, we expanded the eligibility for veterans suffering from nine rare respiratory cancers. But current law does not entitle at all toxic exposed veterans to mammogram services does now. Until today, the bill I’m signing, the law will ensure the veterans who served near burn pits get the preventative care they need. It’s named after Kate Hendricks Thomas and her husband and her handsome son is here today with two cousins. Two cousins, right? Welcome guys. Thanks for coming.

And I know when you said you had to go and sit in the front row in front of the president and all the pressure on what am I going to do? What am I doing? But I’m really glad you’re here. We really are, because it’s the root of a dad, it’s all about them, it’s all about them. Marie and military police officer who was a deployed in Iraq, diagnosed with stage four breast cancer from a mammogram, she advocated for women and men in the military to have access to such life saving screenings. Sadly, she lost her battle in April. Gone too soon, but her legacy is going to live on forever. Our hearts are with Dr. Hendricks Thomas’s family. And as I said are here today and other survivors, other cancer survivors.

Another bill improves breast imaging services for veterans, regardless of whether they’re exposed to burn pits or not. Another extends the law that sunsets next month to compensate Americans who develop cancer and medical conditions from the nation’s World War II era nuclear programs. Beyond medical support for our veterans, several other bills honor our members in uniform and those who fought tirelessly on their behalf. The congressional gold medal is going to go to US Army Ranger veterans of World War II Rangers, who played a critical role in the D-Day invasion and Normandy which began 78 years ago, yesterday.

This elite group once numbered 7,000, but now it’s down to 12, a dozen left. On behalf of our nation, we want to thank them for their heroism and their service. As a point of personal privilege is my honor to sign a bill that will name the new VA outpatient clinic that will be billed in Hawaii after a dear friend of mine and a former Senate colleague who I work with. And Macy’s here as well. But Danny Kaka, Danny was a great friend. He was an army veteran of World War II and a former chair of the committee and veteran’s affairs. One of the finest people I ever served with. He really was a man of great honor and integrity.

Today, I’m also signing a bill dedicated to veteran center in Utah in honor of Colonel Gail Halvorsen known as The Candy Bomber. You heard about it, as Denis just talked about. And I’m signing a bill that makes it easier to continue honoring veterans who have a building named after them when the VA switches properties. In other words, if there’s a named building and the property’s being abandoned, whatever building they’re moving into, that will take on the same name. We’ll have to go through the process of getting it authorized again.

The remaining bills focus not just on our veterans past, but the success of their future. We’re going to strengthen the oversight of the VA’s activities so veterans get the care they deserve and restoring educational assistance benefits. So veterans displaced by COVID-19 can continue to gain new skills to meet the demands and changing the workforce.

Look, let me close with this. Last week, we commemorated Memorial Day. And a reminder that our veterans and our military families represent literally the best of America. We can never fully repay the debt to all of you, but I promise that my administration will always have your back. I made that commitment when I ran and I commit that now. And the men and women sitting me for me made a similar commitment. We mean it. This is something we Bidens take personally. Every veteran and family member of a veteran who serves has made our lives, our liberty and our very nation possible, we owe you and we thank you. May God bless you all, and may God protect our troops.The MAGA Republicans don’t just threaten our personal rights and economic security. They’re a threat to our very democracy. They refuse to accept the will of the people. They embrace, embrace political violence. They don’t believe in democracy. This is why in this moment, those of you who love this country, Democrats, Independents, Mainstream Republicans, we must be stronger, more determined, and more committed to saving America than the MAGA Republicans are destroying America.Thank you, general. Please be seated. Please be seated.

Well, welcome to the White House. This is a day that I quite frankly think being president is inadequate because there’s so many brave women and men in here, and so many people we are honoring today. Mr. Secretary, chairman of the joint chiefs, senior military officers. Thank you all for being here. Yesterday marked the 246th anniversary of this nation’s independence. 246 years of struggle and sacrifice to uphold the principles so dear to the character of our nation. Liberty, democracy, God given rights of every individual. It’s a journey that has never finished and it never will be fully finished. It’s a work that requires us to look ahead to the future, the future we want to build and to look carefully at our past. To understand fully where we’ve come from.

For each of those 246 years, American patriots have answers our nation’s call to military service. They stood in the way of danger, risked everything, literally everything to defend our nation and our values. However, not every service member has received the full recognition they deserve. Today, we’re setting the record straight. We’re upgrading the awards of four soldiers who performed acts of incredible heroism during the Vietnam conflict to respect the conspicuous gallantry and intrepid ability of their service. I mean, it’s just astounding when you hear what each of them have done. They went far above and beyond the call of duty. It’s a phrase always used, but it takes on life when you see these men.

To the late staff sergeant, Edward M. Kaneshiro, Specialist 5 Dwight W. Birdwell, to Specialist 5 Dennis M. Fujii, and to Major John Duffy, I’m proud to finally award our highest military recognition, the Medal of Honor to each of you, one posthumously. It has been a long journey to this day for those heroes and their families. And for more than 50 years have passed, 50 years since the jungles of Vietnam where as young met these soldiers first prove their medal, but time has not diminished their astonishing bravery, their selfness in putting the lives of others ahead of their own, and the gratitude that we as the nation owe them.

December 1, 1966, Staff Sergeant Kaneshiro was an infantry squad leader. His platoon was navigating toward what seemed to be a peaceful village. It was an ambush, a vastly superior force of north Vietnamese troops was concealed within the village protected by fortified bunkers, underground tunnels, and a big trench that ran through the entire village. As Staff Sergeant Kaneshiro led his squad to the east of the village, two other squads headed straight in where the enemy opened fire on them with machine guns and small arms fire, killing the platoon leader, the point man, and pinning down two squads.

Hearing the battle unfold, Staff Sergeant Kaneshiro moved his squad toward the sound of the firing, where he quickly jumped into action. The machine gun fire suppressing his platoon mates was coming from a big trench. It had to be stopped. He ordered his men to take cover. And then he advanced alone toward the enemy position. Armed with six grenades in his M16, lying flat on the ground, Staff Sergeant Kaneshiro hurled his first grenade. It sailed directly through the aperture of the bunker, taking out the machine gunner in the first throw. He then jumped into the trench alone, moving along the trench for 35 meters, clearing the enemy as he went, as his head would emerge above the trench as he yelled, “Grenade.” Then his platoon would lose sight of him and hear it explode.

By the time he was done, the two other squads were able to stand up, collect their dead and injured and reorganize the fight and successfully withdraw from the village. According to the eyewitnesses account of the battle from Staff Sergeant Hasket, Kaneshiro’s bravery and singlehandedly clearing the trench averted what might have been “a disaster for the whole platoon.”

Born and raised in Hawaii, the son of Japanese immigrants, a proud husband and father of four, Staff Sergeant Kaneshiro continued his service with his unit in Vietnam until he was killed in action by hostile gunfire in March 6th, 1967. Today, his memory lives on in the lives he saved, in the legend of his fearlessness, and the hearts of the family he left behind. John, Naomi, Tom, thank you for being here today and thank you to, for your sister, Doris as well, who could not be with us. And John, thank you for your military service. Your family sacrificed so much for our country. I know that no award can ever make up for the loss of your father for not having him there as you grew up. But I hope today that you take some pride and comfort in knowing his valor is finally receiving the full recognition it has always deserved.

January 31, 1968. It was an opening assault that would come to be known as the Tet offensive, particularly bloody period of the Vietnam War. North Vietnamese forces launched an attack on a strategically located airbase near Saigon. The first American unit call to respond was that of Specialist 5 Dwight Birdwell. Unknown to approximately 100 men in sea troop, they were moving to be taken on a full regimen of  likely be more than 1,000 strong. They arrived. The troop engaged the  forces. Specialist Birdwell’s unit took the main brunt of the attack with many tanks and vehicles disabled.

When his tank commander was hit and gravely wound, Specialist Birdwell got him to a place of safety and then took command. He knew his vehicle was on the first line of defense. So Birdwell stood in his commander’s hatch at times, half exposed. At times, standing entirely out of the tank, fully exposed, laying down suppressive fire on the enemy. He used the tank’s cannon. He used the tank’s machine gun. He used his personal rifle. He sustained fire, drove back the attackers, and created a place of relative safety for injured men behind the tank to take cover. He provided battlefield updates to his commanders until the enemy shot the communication system right off of his helmet.

When he ran out of ammunition, he ran to retrieve an M60 machine gun and ammo off the helicopter that had been downed in a flight to keep firing on the enemy. And even when that M60 was hit by enemy fire causing it explode and send shrapnel into Birdwell’s face, chest, arms, and hands, he remained on the battlefield. When he was ordered to load onto the medevac helicopter, he complied. This I find amazing, only to crawl right back off the other side, and to keep on fighting. That’s your call taking orders and causing trouble. God love you. Only after reinforcement arrived and only after he helped treat the evacuates, his fellow wounded, did Specialist Birdwell agree to evacuate himself. At the time, Birdwell received a Silver Star for his outstanding heroism on the battlefield. It took decades for his commanding officer, then General Glen Otis to realize Birdwell had not received the full honor he had earned. But in retirement, General Otis made sure to correct the record and fully document Birdwell’s actions to make this day possible. A member of the Cherokee Nation, Birdwell credits the Cherokee-

A member of the Cherokee nation, Birdwell credits the Cherokee veterans who came before him, and encouraged him to serve when called. I might note, Native American communities, a larger percentage serve in the United States Armed Forces, at a higher percentage rate than any other cohort in America. After leaving the army, Birdwell continued to build a legacy of service in his community in Oklahoma. He started his own law firm, served for 12 years on the Cherokee Nation Supreme Court, and he passed that legacy of service down to his daughter, Stephanie Birdwell, who’s with him today, and who serves as the director of the Office of Tribal Relations at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Specialist Five Birdwell, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And, to your wife, Virginia, who I know wishes could be here with you today, give her our love as well. I’m grateful for all that you’ve given to our country, and that at long last, your story’s being honored, as it should have been always.

February 18th, 1971, Specialist Five Dennis Fuji, who was serving a second tour in Vietnam as a crew chief on a helicopter ambulance, conducting a rescue operation in Laos. They were there to evacuate wounded, allied Vietnamese military personnel, but as their chopper attempted the land, it became the target, sustaining heavy damage that caused them to crash land in the middle of the conflict. When a second American helicopter managed the land nearby minutes later, he was able to evacuate all the downed crewmen except specialist Fuji. Rather than risk the lives of his crew mates, Specialist Fuji waved off the helicopter, told him to depart, remaining behind as the only American on the battlefield. Several attempts were made to rescue him before Specialist Fuji could find a radio and call off further attempts. It was too dangerous, he said.

He stayed behind, ignoring his own wounds, while helping tend to wounded Vietnamese allies on the field. The next night, the enemy force renewed their assault on the allied lines, with heavy artillery. For more than 17 consecutive hours, Specialist Fuji called in American gunships to help repel the attack. He repeatedly exposed himself to hostile fire in order to better observe enemy positions, and direct air strikes against them. On the radio, as fellow Americans knew him as Papa Whiskey, a clear eyed, levelheaded soldier, directing airstrikes so precisely they were able to drive back the forces that had come within 15 to 20 meters of a friendly camp. When an American helicopter was finally able to retrieve him, wounded and severely fatigued two days after his air ambulance had crashed, he made it only about four kilometers before it crash landed.

Specialist Fuji had to wait two more days, for another South Vietnamese base, before he was able to leave the area, and receive medical assistance for his wounds. Speaking to the press shortly after his experience, Specialist Fuji downplayed his own contributions, and honored the skills of the allied Vietnamese troops he fought with, simply saying, “I like my job. I like to help other people who need help out there.” It’s amazing. Today, Specialist Five Fuji, we remember, and we celebrate just how many people you helped. I want to thank you and your wife, Ray, who couldn’t be here with you today, and your brother Edwin, for all your family has done for this nation. We will forever honor your commitment to your crew, your allies, and to your country.

April 14th, 1972, The Battle of Fire Support Base Charlie. The lone American on the base, serving as a senior advisor to the army of the Republic of Vietnam, was Major John Duffy. They called him Dusty Cyanide. That was his call name. Those days leading up to April 14th, the battalion command post had been destroyed. Major Duffy had already been twice wounded, refusing evacuation. Efforts to resupply the base had failed, and FSB Charlie was surrounded by the battalion-sized element. For hours, American gunships guided by Dusty Cyanide took airstrikes on enemy positions. Major Duffy repeatedly exposed himself to danger, in order to direct the gunships’ fire, and keep the battalion from being overrun. He even called in one strike, an extreme danger, close to his own position, in order to drive back the advancing attack. When he was wounded again, he again refused evacuation. He worked side by side to organize the defense of the base with the Vietnamese commander. Major Miley, who is here today… Major, where are you? Major, thank you for being here. Thank you for your service. It’s honor to have you here.

When they finally had to abandon in the base, Major Duffy volunteered to lead the rear squad, and cover their retreat. When the withdrawing soldiers were ambushed early on April 15th, and many of the injured troops scattered, Major Duffy remained with those who were wounded, rallying them to make it to an established evacuation zone, despite being constantly pursued by the Viet Cong. Upon reaching the exfiltration site, Major Duffy again made sure he was the last to board the helicopter. When finally, the air ship was ready to depart, one of his Vietnamese allies was shot in the foot, causing him to fall backwards out of the helicopter. Major Duffy caught him, and dragged him back in on board with him, saving one more life along the way.

Major Duffy served in the Army until 1977, completing three tours in Vietnam, numerous special forces assignments, and 20 years of faithful service to our country, after which, he went on to a successful career as an author, and was even nominated for a Pulitzer Prize for poetry. He is the definition of a warrior poet, enduring devotion to those he served with, and those who serve our nation still. Thank you Major Duffy for all that you’ve inspired in others. As Commander in Chief, I know this is not only for those who wear the uniform of our nation who serve, it’s your families as well. Mary, thank you for all that you’ve sacrificed over the years as well. To Marcus and Jud, I want to emphasize what you already know. Your grandpa’s a hero, a flat out, unadulterated hero.

We’re able to take these actions today, to upgrade the awards that properly honor the duty and devotion of those soldiers, thanks to individual dedication of those who served with them, and because of a congressionally ordered review of the heroic action of Asian Americans, Native Americans, and Pacific Islanders awarded the Distinguished Service Cross during the Korean and Vietnam wars, to make sure we properly honor the contributions of Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders, and their service they’ve made over the years.

We did a similar view of World War II era awards. That resulted in 22 Medal of Honors being awarded Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders service members who had previously been under-recognized, including a very close friend of mine, one of my closest friends and benefactors in the United States Senate, Danny Inouye, United States Senator. I want to also thank the members of Congress who helped make this possible, to ensure that the United States lives up to our promises, that for those who give their best for our country, we will always give our best to you. I also want to take a moment to recognize three other Medal of Honor recipients, awarded for their heroic actions in Vietnam, who are with us today. Walter Martin. Walter, where are you? There you go, stand up Walter. James McCloughan. Brian Thacker. Thank you for being here, to help us recognize these newest honorees. I want to also note that last week, we lost a giant in this community. Herschel Woody Williams passed away at the age of 98, the last Medal of Honor recipient of World War II. Honored by President Harry Truman for his valor during the battle of Iwo Jima, Woody Williams will soon lie in honor in the United States Capital. His passing is a reminder of what so many Americans of our greatest generation sacrificed to preserve liberty and democracy, for our nation and for the world.

Now, it’s my great honor to ask for the citations to be read, as we award the Medal of Honors to the late Staff Sergeant Edward N. Kaneshiro, Specialist Five Dwight D. Birdwell, Specialist Five Dennis M. Fuji, and Major John J. Duffy. Thank you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you.Madam Vice President, my fellow Americans, to state the obvious, one year ago today in this sacred place, democracy was attacked, simply attacked. The will of the people was under assault. The constitution, our constitution, faced the gravest of threats. Outnumbered in the face of the brutal attack, the Capitol Police, the DC Metropolitan Police Department, the National Guard, and other brave law enforcement officials saved the rule of law. Our democracy held. We, the people, endured. We, the people, prevailed. For the first time in our history, a president had not just lost an election, he tried to prevent the peaceful transfer of power as a violent mob breached the Capitol. But they failed. They failed. And on this day of remembrance, we must make sure that such an attack never, never happens again.

I’m speaking to you today from Statuary Hall in the United States Capitol. This is where the House of Representatives met for 50 years in the decades leading up to the Civil War. On this floor is where a young congressman from Illinois, Abraham Lincoln, sat at 191. Above him, above us, over that door, leading into the rotunda is a sculpture depicting Cleo, the muse of history. In her hands an open book in which she records the events taking place in this chamber below. Cleo stood watch over this hall one year ago today, as she has for more than 200 years. She recorded what took place, the real history, the real facts, the real truth, the facts and the truth that Vice President Harris just shared and that you and I and the whole world saw with our own eyes.

The Bible tells us that we shall know the truth and the truth shall make us free. We shall know the truth. Well here is the God’s truth about January 6th, 2021. Close your eyes. Go back to that day. What do you see? Rioters rampaging, waving for the first time inside this Capitol, a Confederate flag that symbolized the cause to destroy America, to rip us apart. Even during the Civil War, that never ever happened. But it happened here in 2021. What else do you see? A mob breaking windows, kicking in doors, breaching the Capitol, American flags on poles being used as weapons as spears, fire extinguishers being thrown at the heads of police officers. A crowd that professes their love for law enforcement assaulted those police officers, dragged them, sprayed them, stomped on them. Over 140 police officers were injured. We all heard the police officers who were there that day testify to what happened. One officer called it “a medieval battle,” and that he was more afraid that day than he was fighting the war in Iraq.

They repeatedly asked since that day, “How dare anyone, anyone, diminish, belittle or deny the hell they were put through?” We saw it with our own eyes, rioters menaced these halls, threatening the life of the Speaker of the House, literally erecting gallows to hang the Vice President of the United States of America. But what did we not see? We didn’t see a former president who had just rallied the mob to attack sitting in the private dining room off the oval office in the White House watching it all on television and doing nothing for hours as police were assaulted, lives at risk, the nation’s Capitol under siege. This wasn’t a group of tourists. This was an armed insurrection. They weren’t looking to uphold the will of the people, they were looking to deny the will of the people. They weren’t looking uphold a free and fair election, they were looking to overturn one. They weren’t looking to save the cause of America, they were looking to subvert the constitution. This isn’t about being bogged down in the past, this is about making sure the past isn’t buried. That’s the only way forward.

That’s what great nations do. They don’t bury the truth. They face up to it. It sounds like a hyperbole, but that’s the truth. They face up to it. We are a great nation. My fellow Americans, in life there’s truth, and tragically there are lies. Lies conceived and spread for and power. We must be absolutely clear about what is true and what is a lie. And here’s the truth. The former President of the United States of America has created and spread a web of lies about the 2020 election. He’s done so because he values power over principle, because he sees his own interest as more important than his country’s interest than America’s interest. And because his bruised ego matters more to him than our democracy or our constitution. He can accept he lost, even though that’s what 93 United States senators, his own Attorney General, his own Vice President, governors and state officials in every battleground state have all said he lost. That’s what 81 million of you did as you voted for a new way forward.

He has done what no president in American history, the history of this country, has ever, ever done. He refused to accept the results of an election and the will of the American people. While some courageous men and women in the Republican party are standing against it, trying to uphold the principle of that party, too many others are transforming that party into something else. They seem no longer to want to be the party of Lincoln, Eisenhower, Reagan, the Bushes. But whatever my other disagreements are with Republicans who support the role of law and not the rule of a single man, I will always seek to work together with them to find shared solutions where it possible. Because if we have a shared belief in democracy, then anything is possible. Anything. And so at this moment, we must decide what kind of nation are we going to be? Are we going to be a nation that accepts political violence as a-

… Are we going to be a nation that accepts political violence as a norm? Are we going to be a nation where we allow partisan election officials to overturn the legally expressed will of the people? Are we going to be a nation that lives not by the light of the truth, but of the shadow of lies?

We cannot allow ourselves to be that kind of nation. The way forward is to recognize the truth and to live by it. The big lie being told by the former president and many Republicans who fear his wrath is that the insurrection in this country actually took place on Election Day, November 3, 2020. Think about that.

Is that what you thought? Is that what you thought when you voted that day? Taking part in an insurrection, is that what you thought you were doing? Or did you think you were carrying out your highest duty as a citizen and voting? Former president’s supporters are trying to rewrite history. They want you to see Election Day as the day of insurrection. And the riot that took place here on January 6th as a true expression of the will of the people.

Can you think of a more twisted way to look at this country? To look at America? I cannot. Here’s the truth. The election of 2020 was the greatest demonstration of democracy in the history of this country. More of you voted in that election than have ever voted in all of American history.

Over 150 million Americans went to the polls and voted that day. In a pandemic. Some at great risk to their lives. They should be applauded, not attacked. Right now in state after state, new laws are being written not to protect the vote, but to deny it. Not only to suppress the vote, but to subvert it. Not to strengthen and protect our democracy, but because the former president lost. Instead of looking at the election results in 2020, and saying they need new ideas or better ideas to win more votes, the former president and his supporters have decided the only way for them to win is to suppress your vote and subvert our elections. It’s wrong, it’s undemocratic and frankly, it’s un-American.

The second big lie being told by the former president and his supporters is that the results of the election of 2020 can’t be trusted. The truth is that no election, no election in American history has been more closely scrutinized or more carefully counted. Every legal challenge questioning the results and every court in this country that could have been made was made and was rejected.

Often rejected by Republican-appointed judges, including judges appointed by the former president himself. From state courts to the United States Supreme Court. Recounts were undertaken in state after state. Georgia, Georgia counted its results three times with one recount by hand. Phony partisan audits were undertaken long after the election in several states, none changed the results. In some of them, the irony is the margin of victory actually grew slightly. So let’s speak plainly about what happened in 2020.

Even before the first ballot was cast, the former president was preemptively so in doubt about the election results. He built his lie over months, wasn’t based on any facts. He was just looking for an excuse, a pretext, to cover for the truth. He’s not just a former president. He’s a defeated, former president; defeated by a margin of over 7 million of your votes in a full and free and fair election.

There is simply zero proof the election results were inaccurate. In fact, in every venue where evidence had to be produced, an oath to tell the truth had to be taken, the former president failed to make his case. Just think about this. The former president and his supporters have never been able to explain how they accept as accurate the other election results that took place on November 3rd. The elections for government, United States Senate, House of Representatives. Elections that close the gap in the House. They challenged none of that. President’s name was first. Then we went down the line: Governor, senators, House Representatives. Somehow those results are accurate on the same ballot but the presidential race was flawed. And on the same ballot, the same day cast by the same voters. The only difference, the former president didn’t lose those races. He just lost the one that was his own.

Finally, the third big lie being told by a former president and his supporters is that the mob who sought to impose their will through violence are the nation’s true patriots. Is that what you thought when you looked at the mob ransacking the Capitol, destroying property, literally defecating in the hallways, rifling through the desks of senators and representatives, hunting down members of Congress? Patriots? Not in my view.

To me, the true patriots were the more than 150 Americans who peacefully expressed their vote at the ballot box. The election workers who protected the integrity of the vote. And the heroes who defended this capital.

You can’t love your country only when you win. You can’t obey the law only when it’s convenient. You can’t be patriotic when you embrace and enable lies.

Those who stormed this Capitol and those who instigated and incited and those who called on them to do so held a dagger at the throat of America and American democracy. They didn’t come here out of patriotism or principle. They came here in rage. Not in service of America, but rather in service of one man. Those who incited the mob, the real plotters who were desperate to deny the certification of this election, defy the will of the voters, but their plot was foiled. Congressmen, Democrats and Republicans stayed. Senators, representatives, staff; they finished their work the Constitution demanded. They honored their oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

Look, folks, now it’s up to all of us, to we the people to stand for the rule of law. To preserve the flame of democracy. To keep the promise of America alive. The promise is at risk targeted by the forces that value brute strength over the sanctity of democracy. Fear over hope, personal gain over public good.

Make no mistake about it, we’re living at an inflection point in history, both at home and abroad. We’re engaged anew in a struggle between democracy and autocracy. Between aspirations of the many and the greed of the few, between the people’s right of self-determination and self-seeking autocrat. From China to Russia and beyond, they’re betting that democracies’ days are numbered. They actually told me democracy is too slow, too bogged down by division to succeed in today’s rapidly changing and complicated world. They’re betting, they’re betting America will become more like them and less like us.

They’re betting that America is a place for the autocrat, the dictator, the strong man. I do not believe that. That is not who we are. That is not who we have ever been. And that is not who we should ever, ever be. Our founding fathers, as imperfect as they were, set in motion an experiment that changed the world, literally-

 in motion an experiment that changed the world, literally changed the world. Here in America, the people would rule. Power would be transferred peacefully, never at the tip of a spear or at the barrel of a gun and they committed to paper and idea they couldn’t live up to, but an idea that couldn’t be constrained. Yes, in America, all people are created equal. A rejective view that if you succeed, I fail. If you get ahead, I fall behind. If I hold you down, I somehow lift myself up.

A former president who lies about this election and the mob that attacked this capital could not be further away from the core American values. They want to rule or they will ruin. Ruin what our country fought for at Lexington and Concord. At Gettysburg and Omaha Beach. Seneca Falls, Selma, Alabama and what we were fighting for, the right to vote. The right to govern ourselves. The right to determine our own destiny.

With rights come responsibilities, responsibility to see each other as neighbors. Maybe we disagree with that neighbor, but they’re not an adversary. Responsibility to accept defeat. Then get back in the arena and try again the next time to make your case. Responsibility to see that America is an idea. An idea requires vigilant stewardship.

As we stand here today, one year since January 6th, 2021, the lies that drove the anger and madness we saw on this place, they have not abated. So we have to be firm, resolute and unyielding in our defense of the right to vote and to have that vote counted. Some have already made the ultimate sacrifice in this sacred effort. Jill and I have mourned police officers in this Capital rotunda, not once, but twice in the wake of January sixth.

Once to honor officer Brian Sicknick who lost his life the day after the attack. And the second time to honor officer Billy Evans, who lost his life defending this Capital as well. We think about the others who lost their lives and were injured and everyone living with the trauma of that day, from those defending this Capital to members of Congress and both parties and their staffs to reporters, cafeteria workers, custodial workers, and their families.

Don’t kid yourself, the pain and scars from that day run deep. We’ve said it many times and it’s no more true or real when we think about the events of January 6th. We are in a battle for the soul of America, a battle that by the grace of God, the goodness, and gracious and greatness to this nation, we will win. Believe me, I know how difficult democracy is and I’m crystal clear about the threats America faces. But I also know that our darkest days can lead to light and hope from the death and destruction as the vice president referenced in Pearl Harbor came to triumph over the forces of fascism. From the brutality of Bloody Sunday on the Edmund Pettus Bridge came historic voting rights legislation.

So now let’s step up, write the next chapter in American history. For January 6th marks not the end of democracy, but the beginning of a renaissance of liberty and fair play. I did not seek this fight, brought to this capital one year ago today, but I will not shrink from it either. I will stand in this breach. I will defend this nation and I will allow no one to place a dagger to the throat of democracy. We will make sure the will of the people gets heard, that the ballot prevails, not violence. That authority in this nation will always be peacefully transferred.

I believe the power of the presidency and the purpose is to unite this nation, not divide it. To lift us up, not tear us apart. See about us, about us, not about me. Deep in the heart of America burns a flame lit almost 250 years ago of liberty, freedom and equality. This is not a land of kings or dictators or autocrats. We’re a nation of laws, of order, not chaos. Of peace, not violence. Here in America the people rule through the ballot and their will prevails. So let us remember together we’re one nation under God, indivisible. That today, tomorrow and forever at our best, we are the United States of America. God bless you all. May God protect our troops and my God bless those who stand watch over democracy.Well, good afternoon. Yesterday Vladimir Putin recognized two regions of Ukraine as independent states, and he bizarrely asserted that these regions are no longer part of Ukraine and they’re sovereign territory. To put it simply, Russia just announced that it is carving a big chunk of Ukraine. Last night Putin authorized Russian forces to deploy into these regions. Today he asserted that these regions are actually extend deeper than the two areas he recognized, claiming large areas currently under the jurisdiction of the Ukraine government. He’s setting up a rationale to take more territory by force in my view. And if we listened to his speech last night, and many of you did I know, he’s setting up a rationale to go much further. This is the beginning of a Russian invasion of Ukraine, as he indicated and asked permission to be able to do from his Duma.

So, I’m going to begin to impose sanctions in response far beyond the steps we and our allies and partners implemented in 2014. And if Russia goes further with this invasion, we stand prepared to go further as with sanctions. Who in the Lord’s name does Putin gives him the right to declare new so-called countries on territory that belong to his neighbors. This is a flagrant violation of international law and demands a firm response from the international community.

Over the last few months we’ve coordinated closely with our NATO allies and partners in Europe and around the world to prepare that response. We’ve said all along and I’ve told Putin to his face more than the month ago, that we would act together in the moment Russia moved against Ukraine. Russia has now undeniably moved against Ukraine by declaring these independent states.

So, today I’m announcing the first tranche of sanctions to impose costs on Russia in response to their actions yesterday. These have been closely coordinated with our allies and partners and will continue to escalate sanctions if Russia escalates. We’re implementing full blocking sanctions on two large Russian financial institutions, VEB and their military bank. We’re implementing-

… EEB and their military bank. We’re implementing comprehensive sanctions on Russian’s sovereign debt. That means we’ve cut off Russia’s government from Western financing. It can no longer raise money from the West and cannot trade in its new debt on our markets or European markets either. Starting tomorrow and continuing in the days ahead, we’ll also impose sanctions on Russia’s elites and their family members. They share in the corrupt gains of the Kremlin policies and should share in the pain as well. And because of Russia’s actions, we’ve worked with Germany to ensure Nord Stream 2 will not, as I promised, will not move forward. As Russia contemplates its next move, we have our next move prepared as well. Russia will pay an even steeper price if it continues its aggression, including additional sanctions.

The United States will continue to provide defensive assistance to Ukraine in the meantime, and will continue to reinforce and reassure our NATO allies. Today in response to Russia’s admission that it will not withdraw its forces from Belarus, I have authorized additional movements of US forces and equipment already stationed in Europe to strengthen our Baltic allies, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Let me be clear, these are totally defensive moves on our part. We have no intention of fighting Russia. We want to send an unmistakable message though that the United States together with our allies will defend every inch of NATO territory and abide by the commitments we made into NATO. We still believe that Russia’s poised to go much further and launching a massive military attack against Ukraine. Hope I’m wrong about that.

Hope we’re wrong about that, but Russia has only escalated its threat against the rest of Ukrainian territory, including major cities and including the capital city of Kiev. There are still well over 150,000 Russian troops surrounding Ukraine. And as I said, Russian forces remain positioned in Belarus to attack Ukraine from the north, including war planes and offensive missile systems. Russia’s moved troops closer to Ukraine’s border with Russia. Russia’s naval vessels are maneuvering in the Black Sea to Ukraine’s south, including amphibious assault ships, missile cruisers, and submarines. Russia’s move supplies of blood and medical equipment into position on their border. You don’t need blood unless you plan on starting a war. Over the last few days, we’ve seen much of the playbook that Secretary Blinken laid out last week in the United Nations Security Council come to pass. A major increase in military provocations and false flag events along the line of contact in the Donbas.

Dramatically staged conveniently on camera meeting of Putin’s security council to grandstand for the Russian public. And now political provocation of recognizing sovereign Ukrainian territory as so called independent republics and clear violation, again, of international law. President Putin has sought authorization from the Russian parliament to use military force outside of Russian territory. And this set the state for further pretext of further provocations by Russia to try to justify further military action. None of us, none of us should be fooled. None of us will be fooled. There is no justification. Further Russian assault in Ukraine remains a severe threat in the days ahead. And if Russia proceeds, it is Russia and Russia alone that bears the responsibility. As we respond, my administration is using every tool at our disposal to protect American businesses and consumers from rising prices at the pump.

As I said last week, defending freedom will have cost for us as well and here at home. We need to be honest about that. But as we do this, I’m going to take robust action to make sure the pain of our sanctions is targeted at the Russian economy not ours. We’re closely monitoring energy supplies for any disruption. We’re executing a plan in coordination with major oil producing consumers and producers toward a collective investment to secure stability and global energy supplies. This will blunt gas prices. I want to limit the pain that the American people are feeling at the gas pump. This is critical to me. In the last few days, I’ve been in constant contact with European leaders, including with Ukrainian President Zelenskyy. Vice President Harris met in person with the leaders in Germany over the weekend at the Munich Conference, including President Zelenskyy.

At every step we have shown the United States and our allies and partners are working in unison, which he hasn’t been counting on, Mr. Putin. We’re united in our support of Ukraine. We are United in our opposition to Russian aggression and we’re united and are resolved to defend our NATO Alliance. And we’re united in our understanding of the urgency and seriousness of the threat Russia is making to global peace and stability. Yesterday the world heard clearly the full extent of Vladimir Putin’s twisted rewrite of history, going back more than a century as he waxed eloquently. Noting that… Well, I’m not going to go into it. But nothing in Putin’s length of remarks indicate any interest in pursuing real dialogue on European security in the year 2022. He directly attacked Ukraine’s right to exist.

He indirectly threatened territorial formally held by Russia, including nations that today are thriving democracies and members of NATO. He explicitly threatened war unless his extreme demands were met. And there’s no question that Russia is the aggressor. So we’re clear eyed about the challenges we’re facing. Nonetheless, there is still time to avert the worst case scenario that will bring untold suffering to millions of people if they move as suggested. The United States and our allies and partners remain open to diplomacy if it is serious. When all is said and done, we’re going to judge Russia by its actions, not its words. And whatever Russia does next, we’re ready to respond with unity, clarity and convict. I’ll probably have more to say about this as it moves on. I’m hoping diplomacy is still available. Thank you all very much.


Please have a seat. As you know, I just concluded several hours of meetings with President Xi, and I believe they were some of the most constructive and productive discussions we’ve had.


I’ve been meeting with President Xi since both of us were vice president over 10 years ago. Our meetings have always been candid and straightforward. We haven’t always agreed, but they’ve been straightforward. And today, built on the groundwork we laid over the past several months of high-level diplomacy between our teams, we’ve made some important progress, I believe.


First, I am pleased to announce that after many years of being on hold, we are restarting cooperation between the United States and the PRC on counternarcotics.


In 2019, you may remember, China took action to greatly reduce the amount of fentanyl shipped directly from China to the United States. But in the years since that time, the challenge has evolved from finished fentanyl to fentanyl chemical ingredients and pill presses, which are being shipped without controls. And, by the way, some of these pills are being inserted in other drugs, like cocaine, and a lot of people are dying.


More people in the United States between the ages of 18 to 49 die from fentanyl than from guns, car accidents, or any other cause. Period.


So, today, with this new understanding, we’re taking action to significantly reduce the flow of precursor chemicals and pill presses from China to the Western Hemisphere. It’s going to save lives, and I appreciate President Xi’s commitment on this issue.


President Xi and I tasked our teams to maintain a policy and law enforcement coordination going forward to make sure it works.


I also want to thank the bipartisan congressional delegation to China led by Leader Schumer, in October for supporting this effort so strongly.


Secondly, and this is critically important, we’re reassuming military to military contacts, direct contacts. As a lot of you press know who follow this, that’s been cut off and it’s been worrisome. That’s how accidents happen: misunderstandings. So we’re back to direct, open, clear, direct communications on a direct basis.


Vital miscalculations on either side can cause real trouble with a country like China or any other major country, and so I think we made real progress there as well.


And thirdly, we’re going to get our experts together to discuss risk and safety issues associated with artificial intelligence. As many of you who travel with me around the world almost everywhere I go, every major leader wants to talk about the impact of artificial intelligence.


These are tangible steps in the right direction to determine what’s useful and what’s not useful, what’s dangerous and what’s acceptable.


Moreover, there are evidence of cases that I’ve made all along. The United States will continue to compete vigorously with the PRC. But we’ll manage that competition responsibly so it doesn’t veer into conflict or accidental conflict.


And where it’s possible, where our interests coincide, we’re going to work together like we did on fentanyl.


That’s what the world expects of us, the rest of the world expects, not just people in China and the United States, but the rest of the world expects that of us. And that’s what the United States is going to be doing.


Today, President Xi and I also exchanged views on a range of regional and global issues, including Russia’s refusal and brutal war to stop the war, and brutal war of aggression against Ukraine and the conflict in Gaza.


And as I always do, I raised areas where the United States has concerns about the PRC’s actions, including detained and exit-banned U.S. citizens, human rights, and coercive activities in the South China Sea. We discussed all three of those things. I gave them names of individuals that we think are being held, and hopefully we can get them released as well. No agreement on that. No agreement on that.


I also stressed the importance of peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits.


It’s clear that we object to Beijing’s non-market economic practices that disadvantage American businesses and workers and that we’ll continue to address them. And I named what I thought a number of those were.


I welcome the positive steps we’ve taken today, and it’s important for the world to see that we are implementing the approach in the best traditions of American diplomacy. We’re talking to our competitors. And the key el… And just talking, just being blunt with one another so there’s no misunderstanding is a key element to maintaining global stability and delivering for the American people.


And in the months ahead, we’re going to continue to preserve and pursue high-level diplomacy with the PRC in both directions to keep the lines of communication open, including between President Xi and me. He and I agreed that either one of us could pick up the phone, call directly, and we’d be heard immediately.


And that’s… Now I’d like to be able to take some questions, if I may. And I’m told that Demetri of the Financial Times has the first question.



Well, holy God, I wouldn’t have called on you if I had known that. No, I’m teasing. Go ahead. Fire away, Demetri.



Look, I reiterate what I’ve said since I’ve become president and what every previous president of late has said, that we maintain an agreement that there is a One China policy and that… And I’m not going to change that. That’s not going to change.


And so, that’s about the extent to which we discussed it.


Next question, sorry, was Bloomberg.



Well, I may have had that discussion with him, too. I made it clear: I didn’t expect any interference, any at all. And we had that discussion as he was leaving.


Look, do I trust? You know, I “trust but verify,” as the old saying goes. That’s where I am.


And, you know, we’re in a competitive relationship, China and the United States. But my responsibility is to make this rational and manageable so it doesn’t result in conflict.


That’s what I’m all about, and that’s what this is about: to find a place where we can come together and where we find mutual interests that… But, most importantly, from my perspective, that are in the interests of the American people. That’s what this is about, and that’s exactly what we’ll do.


We’re in a situation where we agreed that fentanyl and its precursors will be curbed substantially. And the pill presses, that’s a big movement they’re doing.


And, by the way, you know, I won’t… I guess I shouldn’t identify where it occurred. But, John, I know two people near where I live. Their kids literally, as I said, they woke up dead. Someone had inserted in… Whether the young man did or not, inserted in a drug he was taking, fentanyl.


Again, I hope you don’t have any experience with knowing anyone, but this is the largest killer of people in that age category.


And, you know, I guess the other thing I think is most important is that since I… I’ve spent more time with President Xi than any world leader has, just because we were vice presidents. His president was President Hu; I’m not making a joke. President Hu and President Obama thought we should get to know one another. It wasn’t appropriate for the President of United States to be walking, dealing with the vice president.


So we met… If I’m not mistaken, I think it was 68 hours of just face-to-face… Just us and a simultaneous interpreter.


So, I think I know the man. I know his modus operandi. He’s been… We have disagreements. He has a different view than I have on a lot of things. But he’s been straight. I don’t mean that he’s good, bad, or indifferent. He’s just been straight.


And so, you know, we… As I said, the thing that I find most assuring is he raised and I fully agreed that if either one of us have any concern, Mr. Ambassador, any concern about anything between our nations or happening in our region, we should pick up the phone and then call one another, and we’ll take the call. That’s an important progress.


I’m embarrassed. I think it’s CBS, but I can’t remember who with CBS. I’m sorry.



Sorry, I apologize.



Well, first of all, none of it did end up in a conflict. Number one.


Number two, you may recall: I did a few little things like get the Quad together, allow Australia to have access to new submarines, moving in the direction of working with the Philippines. So, our actions speak louder than our words. He fully understands.



Well, look. We did discuss this, by the way. But we can’t let it get out of control.


Here’s the situation: You have a circumstance where the first war crime is being committed by Hamas by having their headquarters, their military, hidden under a hospital. And that’s a fact. That’s what’s happened.


Israel did not go in with a large number of troops, did not raid, did not rush everything down. They’ve gone in and they’ve gone in with their soldiers carrying weapons or guns. They were told… Told, let me be precise.


We’ve discussed the need for them to be incredibly careful. You have a circumstance where you know there is a fair number of Hamas terrorists. Hamas has already said publicly that they plan on attacking Israel again like they did before, to where they were cutting babies’ heads off to burning women and children alive.


And so, the idea that they’re going to just stop and not do anything is not realistic. This is not the carpet bombing. This is a different thing. They’re going through these tunnels. They’re going in the hospital.


And if you notice, I was mildly preoccupied today. I apologize. I didn’t see everything. But what I did see, whether… I haven’t had it confirmed yet. I have asked my team to answer the question. But what happened is they’re also bringing in incubators. They’re bringing in other means to help the people in the hospital, and they’ve given the doctors and — I’m told — the doctors and nurses and personnel an opportunity to get out of harm’s way.


So, this is a different story than I believe was occurring before, an indiscriminate bombing.


What do you got? Washington Post. I think that’s right.



Oh, there you are. Sorry. I couldn’t see you in the light.



I’m sorry, you’re breaking up. I didn’t… Would you…



Yes. No. Working backwards forward. Look, I have been deeply involved in moving on the hostage negotiation, and I don’t want to get ahead of myself here because I don’t know what’s happened in the last four hours.


But I have… We’ve gotten great cooperation from the Qataris. I’ve spoken with them as well a number of times. I think the pause and that the Israelis have agreed to is down to… I’m getting into too much detail. I know, Mr. Secretary. I’m going to stop.


But I am mildly hopeful. I’m mildly hopeful.


With regard to when is this going to stop, I think it’s going to stop when Hamas no longer maintains the capacity to murder and abuse and just do horrific things to the Israelis. And they are in… And they still think they… At least as of this morning, they still thought they could.


I guess the best way for me to say it is that I take a look. The IDF, the Israeli Defense Forces, acknowledges they have an obligation to use as much caution as they can in going after their targets. It’s not like they’re rushing in the hospital, knocking down doors, and, you know, pulling people aside and shooting people indiscriminately.


But Hamas, as I said, said they plan on attacking the Israelis again. And this is a terrible dilemma. So, what do you do?


I think that Israel is also taking risks themselves about their folks being killed one-to-one going through these hospital rooms, hospital halls. But one thing has been established is that Hamas does have headquarters, weapons, materiel below this hospital and, I suspect, others. But how long it’s going to last, I don’t know.


Look, I made it clear to the Israelis that… And to Bibi and to his War Cabinet that I think the only ultimate answer here is a two-state solution that’s real. We got to get to the point where there is an ability to be able to even talk without worrying about whether or not we’re just dealing with… They’re dealing with Hamas, that’s going to engage in the same activities they did over the past… On the 7th.


So, it’s… But I can’t tell. I’m not a fortuneteller. I can’t tell you how long it’s going to last. But I can tell you I don’t think it ultimately ends until there’s a two-state solution. I made it clear to the Israelis I think it’s a big mistake for them to think they’re going to occupy Gaza and maintain Gaza. I don’t think that works.


And so, we’re going to… I think you’re going to see efforts to bring along… Well, I shouldn’t go into it anymore, because that’s things I’ve been negotiating with Arab countries and others about what the next steps are.


But anyway, thank you all very much. Appreciate it very much.



When Hamas said they plan on doing the same thing again, what they did, what they did on the 7th. They’re going to go in and they want to slaughter Israelis. They want to do it again. And they’ve said it out loud. They’re not kidding about it. They’re not backing off.


And so, I just asked the rhetorical question, “I wonder what we would do if that were the case?”



What I meant was I’m doing everything in my power to get you out. Coming to help you to get you out. I don’t mean sending military in to get them. Is that what you thought I might mean?



No, no, no. I was not talking about a military. I was talking about you’re on our mind every single day. Five to six times a day, I’m working on how I can be helpful in getting the hostages released and have a period of time where there’s a pause long enough to let that happen.


And there’s somewhere between 50 and 100 hostages there, we think.



You’re darn right it is. That’s why I’m not going to stop till we get her.



Who can holler the loudest?



No, I can’t tell you. I won’t tell you.



Yes.



Yes.



Well, look. He is. He’s a dictator in the sense that he is a guy who runs a country that… It is a communist country that is based on a form of government totally different than ours.


Anyway, we made progress.



Hello. Hello. Hello. My name’s Joe Biden. I’m Jill’s husband. Folks, let me begin with a sincere thank you. Please, have a seat.


Well, thank you. I hope you understand that you are the beacon of light around the world, not a joke. Whether I was in India, wherever I am, LGBTQ community comes up to me and says, “Can you help?” Not a joke. Not a joke. “Can you help? You’ve given people so much hope.” It’s all about hope. Think about it, how do you live without hope?


This community in the United States of America is leading the world, and giving people hope. Folks, my first thing I want to say tonight, thank you, thank you for changing lives around the world. You’re doing it. You really are.


For some of you who are close to my age, it wasn’t easy to do. No. I’m not joking. You lose your job. You get beat up. You get the whole different circumstance.





Well, I’ll tell you what, I’ve been here every time you’ve invited me. Be careful, I’m like a poor relative, I show up when I’m invited. Look, Kelly Robinson, thank you. Thank you for the introduction and for your leadership, and congratulations to tonight’s awardees, Shonda Rhimes, an unstoppable creative force, Lena, I’ll tell you what, path breaking storyteller, and Matt Bomer, an actor who inspires, and you do inspire, Matt.  and Daniel courageous young activists who lift our hopes up for the future.


Earlier this year, they were kind enough to invite Jill and me to the Trans Youth Prom. We couldn’t make it, but it sounds like you had a hell of a lot of fun.


These young honorees joined us in June for the largest Pride Month celebration ever, ever held at the White House, and there’s going to be more at the White House. LGBTQ youth are among the bravest people I know, and you four are no exception.


Folks, this is the fourth time I’ve joined this dinner, coming back to my days as vice president. At this pivotal moment of history, Jill and I have come here tonight to say thank you for your courage, thank you for your hope, and thank you for your pride. Thank you for defending equal rights and dignity of all people, despite intense opposition and hate-fueled rhetoric, even violence to try to keep people moving.


You inspire us, and I want you all LGBTQ Americans to know the Biden/Harris administration has your back. I don’t know who’s hollering down there but I can’t hear you.


Well, look-




I can’t hear her. What’s she saying? Well, thank you, whatever you’re saying, I can’t hear you.


Look, I’ve been labeled the most-






Oh, I get it. I’m not sure that’s a good thing. No. I’m only joking.


Look, I’ve been labeled the most pro-equality president in history. I’m not sure that’s true, but I’ll tell you what, I’m grateful to lead an administration with more out and proud staff members at every level than every previous administration combined. All combined.


Together with all of you, my administration is defending, advancing equal human rights to the LGBTQ community, all across the country and I mean it, and around the world. I’m proud of our record. I signed historic executive orders civil rights protections in housing, employment, healthcare, education, the justice system.


As Commander-in-Chief, I ended the ban on transgender Americans serving in the military. As I pointed out, they can shoot as straight as anybody else I know.


On the anniversary of the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, the Department of Defense announced the review of the records of LGBTQ service members who have been discharged for less than honorable service, which is going to make it easy for those veterans to finally access the benefits they earned through their service.


We launched an ambitious plan to end HI epidemic by 2030, proposed a new national PrEP program to prevent the spread of HIV, and we finally did away with the outdated policy banning gay and bisexuals from donating blood.


Leading with science, not stigma, we made human rights for LGBT around the world a top priority in my foreign policy, increasing our assistance to brave activists on the ground, defending human rights in countries that passed anti-gay laws like Uganda, going after Uganda, making clear that they cannot get the same benefits as other countries, and achieving tangible progress.


Look, folks, here’s the deal, together, we’re standing up for families, some of you were with us on the South Lawn last December when I signed the Respect For Marriage Act, a law protecting the marriage of gay interracial couples. As I said in a TV interview more than a decade ago, marriage is a simple proposition, who do you love? Will you be loyal to the person you love?


I was raised in that was quite a simple proposition. I’ve told the story before, but I’m telling it again. I was raised by a man who was a really decent, honorable man. I remember he was dropping me off, I wanted to work in the projects as a lifeguard on the east side of Wilmington, and he was dropping me off on his way to work at the City Hall to go get an application to be a lifeguard there.


As I got out of the car, at the four corners in the center of town, two men, turns out one going to the Brandywine, one worked for the DuPont company, the other worked for company. This is back when I was a kid.


They leaned up and kissed one another. I never seen that before. I turned and looked at my dad, and he just looked at me and he said, “Joey, it’s simple. It’s simple, Joey. They love one another.” It’s a simple proposition.


I mean it. To everyone who helped make the Respect For Marriage Act a reality, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Together, we’re standing up for children. As you know better than anyone, there are young people all across America sitting in their bedrooms at night, scrolling through social media, and staring at the ceiling wondering will they ever be loved? What happens if they tell their parents? What’s going to go on?


Many of you have been through it. Will they be ever accepted by their families? Ever be free to be themselves? Whether they should even be there or here on Earth?


Nearly every day, I get letters, literally, from children and parents terrified by what’s happening all across America. A 13 year old transgender child wrote to me and said, “I hate looking at the news, not because I’m a teenager and it’s boring but because it’s painful. I hear adults, much older than me, debate about my existence when they don’t even know me.”


Our message to young people across America must be unequivocal, you’re loved, you’re heard, and you’re understood, and you belong. I mean it. We see who you are, made in the image of God, deserving dignity and respect and support. That’s why my administration combating the dangerous, cruel practice of conversion therapy has been so outspoken.


That’s why we launched the nationwide prejudice hotline where LGBTQ youth who are feeling isolated and overwhelmed can get help. They just have to call 988, and talk to a counselor. 988, and talk to a counselor.

This year, we’re committing even more resources, new federal action to address LGBTQ youth homelessness, new steps to protect kids in foster care. All of it matters, but for all the progress we’ve made, we know the barriers, the bias, the bigotry still exists. Perhaps because of the progress we’ve made, people want to push us back and pull us back.


Over 600 hateful laws introduced across the country, more than 70 of them becoming law just this last year, denying the existence of transgender people, silencing teachers, banning books, threatening parents with prison for getting their children healthcare. Families across the country now face excruciating decisions to move to a different state to protect their child from the dangerous anti-LGBTQ laws.


I received a letter from one mom who wrote me, “I despair for families like mine, who will already become refugees inside our nation.” Refugees inside our nation? That’s how she feels, like a refugee inside our nation.


This is the United States of America, and the United States Congress extreme MAGA Republicans trying to undo virtually every bit of progress we’ve made. They’re trying to wipe out federal funding to end the HIV epidemic, strip funding from community centers for seniors, reinstate the ban on transgender troops, ban the Department of Justice from enforcing civil rights laws, ban Pride flags from flying on public lands.


Who the hell … Oh. Not very presidential. They threaten the legal recognition of same-sex marriage. These are just the cruel attacks on LGBT community. They’re attacks on the foundations of our democracy. They take aim at our fundamental values and principles, like the right to free expression, the right to make our own healthcare decisions, the right to raise our own children.


I’m never going to stand by and watch families terrorize doctors and nurses, criminalize, or any child targeted for who they are. It’s who they are. Jill and I, Kamala, Doug, and our entire administration will always stand with you against hate.


Together, we’re going to make even more progress. You’ve heard me say before, and I apologize for having to repeat it, when a person can be married in the morning and thrown out of a restaurant for being gay in the afternoon, something is still fundamentally wrong in this country. That still exists.


That’s why we must pass the Equality Act, and pass it now. That’s what we must do. At a time when studies show violence against LGBTQ Americans is on the rise, we have to do more to keep people in the community safe.


25 years ago this week, Matthew Shepard was brutally taken from us. His courageous parents Judy and Dennis have turned his murder into a movement. As we remember him, we also remember the LGBTQ people and allies killed this year, like O’Shae Sibley, killed while dancing and expressing joy, Laura Ann Carleton, who simply hung a Pride flag outside of her … Think of that, she hung a Pride flag outside her home. She was killed. Colin Smith stabbed while defending a friend, and dozens of transgender Americans, especially transgender women of color killed every year.


The Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Health and Human Services has launched a safety partnership to better protect festivals and marches and community centers and businesses, to better protect healthcare providers serving the community, and to help folks report hate crimes.


Nearly a year after the horrific shooting at Club Q in Colorado Springs, we have to fully implement the most significant gun safety law in nearly 30 years, and then pass again the assault weapons ban, which Diane and I passed. No excuse. Who in God’s name needs a weapon with 100 rounds in the chamber? The weapon is only meant for one thing, to kill people. We did it before. We can do it again. As long as I’m in office, I’m not going to stop until we get it done again.


Look, folks, let me close with this, a week ago, we saw hate manifest in another way, in the worst massacre of Jewish people since the Holocaust. More than 1300 innocent lives lost in Israel, including, at least, 27 Americans. Children, and grandparents alike, kidnapped, held hostage by Hamas.


The humanitarian crisis in Gaza, innocent Palestinian families and a vast majority who have nothing to do with Hamas, they’re being used as human shield. Yesterday, I spoke for over an hour with a family member of those Americans who are still unaccounted for, on a Zoom call. They’ve endured an agony of not knowing what’s happened.


Not the same thing, but I can tell you what it’s like, it’s one thing to lose someone and you know you’re going to lose them and be there with them and hold their hands, like I was able to do with my son. It’s a very other thing to get a phone call, that I got years ago saying, “There’s been an accident. Your wife and daughter are dead. I’m not sure your boys are going to make it.”


The uncertainty, those two or three hours, trying to get back to find out. It’s the worst feeling in the world. It’s gut-wrenching. It’s yet another reminder that hate never goes away. It only hides. It hides under the rocks. I thought being so deeply involved in the civil rights movement when I was able to convince of all people, Strom Thurmond to vote for the Voting Rights Act in his last year, change his mind. I thought, “Well, you can defeat hate.”


Guess what happened? Hate just hides under the rocks until there’s a little oxygen blown under, like what happened in Charlottesville, just a little bit, and it comes roaring out again.


Folks, we have to reject hate in every form, because history has taught us, again and again, anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, homophobia, transphobia, they’re all connected. Hate toward one group left unanswered opens the door for more hate toward more groups more often readily.


Here’s what we the antidote to hate is love. The answer to is solidarity, and standing up for everyone in humanity. That’s why the laws that actually protect equality matter. Every single American, no matter who you are, who you love, or where you come from, this shouldn’t be about conservative/liberal, red or blue. It should be about realizing the promise of the Declaration of Independence. It sounds corny, but a promise rooted in the sacred and the secular, that all people are created equal, and created with certain inalienable rights, among them, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.


Folks, it may sound corny but we never fully lived up to that promise, but we never walked away from it like many want us to do, and we’re not going to walk away from it on my watch, I promise you.


All of you here tonight, and all the advocates and allies across the country, I see the light that’s going to triumph over the darkness. I see the hope that’s going to conquer fear. I see the love that’s going to overcome hate in all its forms.


I see a great nation, because we’re, basically, a good people. We just have to remember who we are, and we’re not the victim and, although, we’re good folks, we got to stand up and holler. We got to stand up and holler. You cannot be silent. Silence is complicity. Silence is complicity.


Folks, we’re the United States of America, and there’s nothing beyond our capacity when we do it together. Nothing, nothing, nothing, so let’s stand together and get everyone else on the deal.

God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.


Thank you.


I’m saying we’re gonna do everything in our power to find those who are still alive and set them free. Everything in our power. I’m not gonna go into the detail of that, but we’re working like hell on it.




Because I think they have to know that the President of the United States of America cares deeply about what’s happening. Deeply. We have to communicate to the world this is critical. This is not even human behavior. It’s pure barbarism. And we’re gonna do everything in our power to get them home if we can find them.





Of course, it is. But it’s hard to make distinctions. Most important thing is ending this brutality and to hold those who committed it accountable.




I don’t think that’s necessary. Israel has one of the finest fighting forces in the country. I guarantee we’re gonna provide them everything they need.





Yes. I had a meeting this morning with the Homeland Security people, with the FBI, for the Situation Room, for the better part of an hour to discuss how we make sure that we prevent a lone wolf and/or any coordinated effort to try to do what was done in synagogues before, do what was done to Jews in the street. And so We’re making a major effort to make sure that doesn’t happen.





Look, there’s a fundamental difference. Israel is going after a group of people who have engaged in barbarism that is as consequential as the Holocaust. So I think Israel has to respond. They have to go after Hamas. Hamas is a bunch of cowards. They’re hiding behind the civilians. They put their headquarters where civilians are and buildings and the like. But to the extent they can separate out and… The Israelis are gonna do everything in their power to avoid the killing of innocent civilians.





Yes, our team is talking to them about that. And whether there could be a safe zone. We’re also talking to Egyptians, whether there is an outlet to get these children and women out of that a that area at this moment. But it’s hard.





Yes.





Yes.





I’m confident that Israel is going to act under the measure, the rules of war. There’s standards that democratic institutions and countries go by. And so I’m confident that there’s gonna be an ability for the innocents in Gaza to be able to have access to medicine and food and water.





I think it’d be a big mistake. Look, what happened in Gaza, in my view, is Hamas and the extreme elements of Hamas don’t represent all the Palestinian people. And I think that… It would be a mistake for Israel to occupy Gaza again. But going in and taking out the extremists, the Hezbollah is up north but Hamas down south, is a necessary requirement.




Yes, I do. But there needs to be a Palestinian authority. There needs to be a path to a Palestinian state.





Not now. Not now, but I think Israel understands that a significant portion of Palestinian people do not share the views of Hamas and Hezbollah.





Don’t. Don’t, don’t, don’t.





That’s right.





I don’t wanna get into classified information, but to be very blunt with you, there is no clear evidence of that at this point.



Correct. Now, Iran constantly supports Hamas and Hezbollah. I don’t mean that. But in terms of did they have foreknowledge; did they help plan the attack? There’s no evidence of that at this point.



Yes. Look, this is not your father’s Republican Party. 30% of it’s made up of these MAGA Republicans who are maybe… Democracy is something they don’t look at the same way you and I look at democracy.



No. We’re the United States of America for God’s sake, the most powerful nation not in the world, in the history of the world. The history of the world. We can take care of both of these and still maintain our overall international defense.




Overwhelmingly, they relate. For example, in Ukraine one of my objectives was to prevent Putin, who has committed war crimes himself from being able to occupy an independent country that borders NATO allies and is on the Russian border. Imagine what happens now if he were able to succeed. Have you ever known a major war in Europe we didn’t get sucked into? We don’t want that to happen. We want to make sure those democracies are sustained. And Ukraine is critical in making sure that happens.



I want my children and grandchildren to fully understand exactly what happened and why you couldn’t deny the carnage going on if you were living in Germany and in Europe.



The Jews have been subject to abuse, prejudice, and attempt to wipe them out for, oh, God, over a thousand years. For me, it’s about decency, respect, honor. It’s just simply wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong. It violates every religious principle I have and every single principle my father taught me.



Yes, because I’m sure… Look, when I ran, I said, “The world’s at an inflection point.” The world’s changing, but we have an opportunity to make it… So imagine if we were able to succeed in getting the Middle East put in place where we have normalization of relations. I think we can do that. Imagine what happens if we, in fact, unite all of Europe and Putin is finally put down where he cannot cause the kind of trouble he’s been causing. We have enormous opportunities, enormous opportunities to make it a better world.



No.






Freedom. Personal freedom is fundamental to who we are as Americans. There’s nothing more important, nothing more sacred. That’s been the work of my first term; to fight for our democracy. This shouldn’t be a red or blue issue. To protect our rights, to make sure that everyone in this country is treated equally and that everyone is given a fair shot at making it. But you know, around the country, MAGA extremists are lining up to take on those bedrock freedoms, cutting social security that you’ve paid for your entire life, while cutting taxes from the very wealthy, dictating what healthcare decisions women can make, banning books and telling people who they can love all while making it more difficult for you to be able to vote.


When I ran for president four years ago, I said, “We’re in a battle for the soul of America,” and we still are. The question we’re facing is whether in the years ahead, we have more freedom or less freedom. More rights are fewer. I know what I want the answer to be, and I think you do too. This is not a time to be complacent. That’s why I’m running for reelection; because I know America. I know we’re good and decent people. I know we’re still a country that believes in honesty and respect, in treating each other with dignity. That we’re a nation where we give hate no safe harbor. We believe that everyone is equal, that everyone should be given a fair shot to succeed in this country. Thank you for choosing us.





Every generation of Americans will face the moment when they have to defend democracy. Stand up for our personal freedom. Stand up for the right to vote and our civil rights. And this is our moment.


We believe in. God love you.





So if you’re with me, go to Joebiden.com and sign up. Let’s finish this job. I know we can because this is the United States of America. There’s nothing, simply nothing we cannot do if we do it together.

Thank you. Good evening. Good evening. If I were smart, I’d go home now. Mr. Speaker, Madam Vice President, members of Congress, my fellow Americans, in January 1941, Franklin Roosevelt came to this chamber to speak to the nation and he said, “I address you at a moment unprecedented in the history of the Union.” Hitler was on the march, war was raging in Europe, President Roosevelt’s purpose was to wake up Congress and alert the American people that this was no ordinary time. Freedom and democracy we’re under assault in the world.


Tonight, I come to this same chamber to address the nation. Now, it’s we who face unprecedented moment in the history of the Union. And yes, my purpose tonight is to wake up the Congress and alert the American people that this is no ordinary moment either. Not since President Lincoln in the Civil War have freedom and democracy been under assault at home as they are today. What makes our moment rare is the freedom and democracy are under attack at both at home and overseas at the very same time.


Overseas, Putin of Russia is on the march invading Ukraine and sowing chaos throughout Europe and beyond. If anybody in this room thinks Putin will stop at Ukraine, I assure you he will not. But Ukraine, Ukraine can stop Putin. Ukraine can stop Putin if we stand with Ukraine and provide the weapons that it needs to defend itself. That is all. That is all Ukraine is asking. They’re not asking for American soldiers. In fact, there are no American soldiers in the war in Ukraine and I’m determined to keep it that way. But now, assistance to Ukraine is being blocked by those who want to walk away from our world leadership. I wasn’t a long ago when a Republican president named Ronald Reagan thundered, “Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall.”


Now, my predecessor, a former Republican president, tells Putin, “Do whatever the hell you want.” That’s a quote. A former president actually said that bowing down to a Russian leader, I think it’s outrageous, it’s dangerous, and it’s unacceptable. America is a founding member of NATO, the military alliance of Democratic nations created after World War II to prevent world war and keep the peace. And today, we’ve made NATO stronger than ever. We welcomed Finland to the alliance last year. And just this morning, Sweden officially joined and their minister is here tonight. Stand up. Welcome. Welcome, welcome, welcome. And they know how to fight. Mr. Prime Minister, welcome to NATO, the strongest military alliance the world has ever seen. I say this to Congress, we have to stand up to Putin. Send me a bipartisan national security bill. History is literally watching. History is watching. If the United States walks away, it will put Ukraine at risk. Europe is at risk. The free world will be at risk, emboldening others to do what they wish to do us harm. My message to President Putin who I’ve known for a long time is simple, “We will not walk away. We will not bow down. I will not bow down.” In a literal sense, history is watching. History is watching just like history watched three years ago on January 6th when insurrectionists stormed this very Capital and placed a dagger to the throat of American democracy.


Many of you were here on that darkest of days. We all saw with our own eyes, the insurrectionists were not patriots. They’ve come to stop the peaceful transfer of power, to overturn the will of the people. January 6th and lies about the 2020 election and the plots to steal the election posed the gravest threat to US democracy since the Civil War. But they failed, America stood. America stood strong and democracy prevailed. We must be honest, the threat to democracy must be defended. My predecessor and some of you here seek to bury the truth about January 6th. I will not do that. This is the moment to speak the truth and to bury the lies. Here’s the simple truth: you can’t love your country only when you win. As I’ve done ever since being elected to office, I ask all of you without regard to party, to join together and defend democracy. Remember, your oath of office is defending against all threats, foreign and domestic. Respect, respect free and fair elections. Restore trust in our institutions and make clear, political violence has absolutely no place, no place in America, zero place. Again, it’s not hyperbole to suggest history is watching. We’re watching it. Your children and grandchildren will read about this day and what we do. History is watching another assault on freedom. Joining us tonight is Latorya Beasley, a social worker from Birmingham, Alabama. 14 months ago, she and her husband welcomed a baby girl thanks to the miracle of IVF. She scheduled treatments to have that second child but the Alabama Supreme Court shut down IVF treatments across the state, unleashed by a Supreme Court decision overturning Roe v. Wade. She was told her dream would have to wait. What her family had got through should never have happened. Unless Congress acts, it could happen again. So tonight, let’s stand up for families like hers. To my friends across the aisle, don’t keep this waiting any longer. Guarantee the right to IVF. Guarantee it nationwide.


Like most Americans, I believe Roe v. Wade got it right. I thank Vice President Harris for being an incredible leader, defending reproductive freedom, and so much more. Thank you. My predecessor came to office determined to see Roe v. Wade overturned. He’s the reason it was overturned and he brags about it. Look at the chaos that has resulted. Joining us tonight is Kate Cox, a wife and mother from Dallas. She’s become pregnant again and had a fetus of a fatal condition. Her doctor told Kate that her own life and her ability to have children in the future were at risk if she didn’t act. Because Texas law banned her ability to act, Kate and her husband had to leave the state to get what she needed. What her family got through should have never happened as well but it’s happening in to many others.


There are state laws banning the freedom to choose. Criminalizing doctors, forcing survivors of rape and incest to leave their states to get the treatment they need. Many of you in this chamber and my predecessor are promising to pass a national ban on reproductive freedom. My god, what freedoms would you take away? Look, in its decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court majority wrote the following, and with all due respect, justices, “Women are not without electoral or political power.” You’re about to realize just how much you can brag about that.


Clearly, those bragging about overturning Roe v. Wade have no clue about the power of women. But they found out when reproductive freedom was on the ballot, we won in 2022 and 2020 and we win again in 2024. If you, the American people, send me a Congress that supports the right to choose, I promise you, I’ll restore Roe v. Wade as the law of the land again. Folks, America cannot go back. I’m here tonight to show what I believe the way forward because I know how far we’ve come. Four years ago, next week, before I came to office, the country was hit by the worst pandemic and the worst economic crisis in the century.


Remember, the fear? Record losses? Remember the spikes in crime and the murder rate, raging virus that took more than 1 million American lives of loved ones, millions left behind, a mental health crisis of isolation and loneliness? A president, my predecessor, failed the most basic presidential duty that he owes to American people: the duty to care. I think that’s unforgivable. I came to office determined to get us through one of the toughest periods in the nation’s history we have. It doesn’t make news but in a thousand cities and towns, the American people are writing the greatest comeback story never told.


So let’s tell the story here, tell it here and now. America’s comeback is building the future of American possibilities, building an economy from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down. Investing in all America and all Americans to make every sure everyone has a fair shot and we leave no one behind. The pandemic no longer controls our lives. The vaccines that saved us from COVID are now being used to beat cancer. Turning setback into comeback, that’s what America does. That’s what America does.


Folks, my inherited economy is on the brink. Now, our economy is literally the envy of the world. 15 million new jobs in just three years, a record. Unemployment, at 50-year low. A record 16 million Americans are starting small businesses and each one is a literal act of hope with historic job growth and small business growth for Black and Hispanics and Asian-Americans. 800,000 new manufacturing jobs in America and counting. Where is it written we can’t be the manufacturing capital of the world? We are and we will.


More people have health insurance today than ever before. The racial wealth gap is as small as it’s been in 20 years. Wages keep going up, inflation keeps coming down. Inflation has dropped from 9% to 3%, the lowest in the world and tending lower. The landing is and will be soft. And now, instead of importing foreign products and exporting American jobs, we’re exporting American products and creating American jobs right here in America where they belong.


And it takes time but the American people are beginning to feel it. Consumer studies show consumer confidence is soaring. Buy America, has been the law of the land since the 1930s. Past administrations, including my predecessor, including some Democrats as well in the past, failed to buy American. Not anymore. On my watch, federal projects that you fund, like helping build American roads, bridges, and highways will be made with American products and built by American workers. Good paying American jobs.


And thanks to our Chips and Science Act, the United States is investing more in research and development than ever before. During the pandemic, a shortage of semiconductors, chips that drove up the price of everything from cellphones to automobiles. And by the way, we invented those chips right here in America. Well, instead of having to import them, instead, private companies are now investing billions of dollars to build new chip factories here in America, creating tens of thousands of jobs. Many of those jobs paying a $100,000 a year and don’t require a college degree.


In fact, my policies have attracted $650 billion in private sector investment in clean energy, advanced manufacturing, creating tens of thousands of jobs here in America. And thanks to our bipartisan infrastructure law, 46,000 new projects have announced all across your communities. And by the way, I noticed some of you strongly voted against it or they’re cheering on that money coming in. I like it. I’m with you. I’m with you. If any of you don’t want that money in your district, just let me know.


Modernize that roads and bridges, ports and airports, public transit systems. Removing poisonous lead pipes so every child can drink clean water without risk of brain damage. Providing affordable high-speed internet for every American no matter where you live: urban, suburban, or rural communities, in red states and blue states. Record investments in tribal communities. Because I invested in the family farm, led by my Secretary of Agriculture who knows more about this than anybody I know, we’re better able to stay in the family farms and their children or grandchildren won’t have to leave home to make a living. It’s transformative.


The great comeback story is Belvidere, Illinois, home to an auto plant for nearly 60 years. Before I came to office, the plant was on its way to shutting down. Thousands of workers feared for their livelihoods. Hope was fading. Then, I was elected to the office and we raised Belvidere repeatedly with auto companies knowing unions would make all the difference. The UAW worked like hell to keep the plant open and get these jobs back. And together, we succeeded. Instead of auto factory shutting down, auto factory is re-opening and a new state-of-the-art battery factory is being built to power of those cars there at the same… To the folks at Belvidere, I say, “Instead of your town being left behind, your community is moving forward again. Because instead of watching auto jobs of the future go overseas, 4,000 union jobs with higher wages are building the future in Belvidere right here in America.” Here tonight, the UAW President, Shawn Fain, a great friend and a great labor leader. Shawn, where are you? Stand up. And Dawn Sim, a third generation UAW worker at Belvidere. Shawn, I was proud to be the first president to stand in the picket line. And today, Dawn has a good job in her hometown providing stability for her family and pride and dignity as well. Showing once again, Wall Street didn’t build America. They’re not bad guys, they didn’t build it though. The middle class built the country and unions built the middle class. I say to the American people, when America gets knocked down, we get back up. We keep going. That’s America. That’s you, the American people. It’s because of you America is coming back. It’s because of you our future is bright. It’s because of you that tonight we can proudly say, “The state of our Union is strong and getting stronger.” Tonight, I want to talk about the future of possibilities that we can build together, a future where the days of trickle-down economics are over and the wealthy and the biggest corporations no longer get all the tax breaks. And by the way, I understand corporations. I come from a state that has more corporations invested than every one of your states in the United States combined and I represented it for 36 years. I’m not anti-corporation.


But I grew up in a home where trickle-down economics didn’t put much on my dad’s kitchen table, that’s why I’m determined to turn things around so middle class does well. When they do well, the poor have a way up and the wealthy still do very well. We all do well. And there’s more to do to make sure you’re feeling the benefits of all we’re doing. Americans pay more for prescription drugs than anywhere in the world. It’s wrong and I’m ending it. With a law that I proposed and signed, and not one of your Republican buddies voted for it, we finally beat big pharma. Instead of paying $400 a month or thereabouts for insulin, with diabetes, and it only costs 10 bucks to make, they only get paid 35 a month now and still make healthy profit. And I want a… What to do next? I want to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for every American who needs



Everyone. For years, people have talked about it, but finally we got it done and gave Medicare the power to negotiate lower prices on prescription drugs, just like the VA is able to do for veterans. That’s not just saving seniors money, it’s saving taxpayers money. We cut the federal deficit by $160 billion because Medicare will no longer have to pay those exorbitant prices to big pharma.


This year Medicare is negotiating lower prices for some of the costliest drugs on the market that treat everything from heart disease to arthritis. It’s now time to go further and give Medicare the power to negotiate lower prices for 500 different drugs over the next decade.They’re making a lot of money, guys, and they’ll still be extremely profitable. Will not only save lives, it will save taxpayers another $200 billion.


Starting next year that same law caps total prescription drug costs for seniors on Medicare at $2,000 a year, even for expensive cancer drugs that cost 10, 12, $15,000 a year. Now I want to cap prescription drug costs at $2,000 a year for everyone. Folks, I’m going to get in trouble for saying that, but, Berlin, Moscow … Excuse me, well, even Moscow, probably. Bring your prescription with you and I promise you I’ll get it for you for 40% the cost you’re paying now. Same company, same drug, same place. Folks, the Affordable Care Act, the Obamacare, it’s still a very big deal. Over 100 million of you can no longer be denied health insurance because of pre-existing condition, but my predecessor, and many in this chamber, want to take that protection drug away by repealing the Affordable Care Act. I’m not going to let that happen.


We stopped you 50 times before and we will stop you again. In fact, I’m not only protecting it, I’m expanding it. The enacted tax credits save $800 per person per year, reduced health care cost for millions of working families. That tax credit expire next year. I want to make that savings permanent.


To state the obvious, women are more than half our population, but research on women’s health has always been underfunded. That’s why we’re launching the first-ever White House Initiative on Women’s Health Research, led by Jill, doing an incredible job as First Lady.


Pass my plan for $12 billion to transform women’s health research and benefit millions of lives all across America.


I know the cost of housing is so important to you. Inflation keeps coming down, mortgage rates will come down as well, and the Fed acknowledges that, but I’m not waiting. I want to provide an annual tax credit that will give Americans $400 a month for the next two years as mortgage rates come down to put toward their mortgage when they buy their first home or trade up for a little more space. Just for two years. My administration is also eliminating title insurance on federally-backed mortgages. When you refinance your home you can save you $1,000 or more as a consequence.


For millions of renters, we’re cracking down on big landlords use antitrust … Who break antitrust laws by price-fixing and driving up rents.


We’ve cut red tape so builders can get federally financing, which is already helping build a record 1.7 million housing units nationwide. Now pass and build and renovate 2 million affordable homes and bring those rents down. To remain the strongest economy in the world we need to have the best education system in the world. I, like I suspect all of you, want to give a child, every child, a good start by providing access to preschool for 3 and 4-years-old.


I think I pointed out last year that children coming from broken homes where there’s no books, they’re not read to, not spoken to very often start school, kindergarten or first grade, hearing, having heard a million fewer words spoken.


Well, studies show that children who go to preschool are nearly 50% more likely to finish high school, go on to earn a 2 and 4 year degree no matter what their background is.


I met a year and a half ago with the leaders of the business roundtable. They were mad that I … They were angry … Well, they were discussing why I wanted to spend money on education. I pointed out to them as vice president I met with over … I think it was 182 of those folks, don’t hold me to the exact number. I asked them what they need most, the CEOs.


You’ve had the same experience on both sides of the aisle. They say a better educated workforce, right? I looked at them, I say, “I come from Delaware. DuPont used to be the eighth-largest corporation in the world, and every new enterprise they bought they educated the workforce to that enterprise, but none of you do that anymore. Why are you angry with me providing you the opportunity for the best educated workforce in the world?” They all looked at me and said, “I think you’re right.”


I want to expand high-quality tutoring and summer learning to see that every child learns to read by third grade. I’m also connecting local businesses and high schools so students get hands-on experience and a path to a good-paying job whether or not they go to college, and I want to make sure that college more affordable.


Let’s continue increasing the Pell Grants for working and middle class families and increase record investments in HBCUs and minority-serving institutions, including Hispanic institutions.


When I was told I couldn’t universally just change the way in which we dealt with student loans, I fixed two student loans programs that already existed to reduce the burden of student debt for nearly 4 million Americans, including nurses, firefighters, and others in public service, like Keenan Jones a public-school educator from Minnesota who’s here with us tonight. Keenan, where are you? Keenan, thank you.


He’s educated hundreds of students so they can go to college, now he’s able to help after debt forgiveness get his own daughter to college.

Folks, look, such relief is good for the economy because folks are now able to buy a home, start a business, start a family. While we’re at it, I want public school teachers a raise. By the way, the first couple of years we cut the deficit.


Now, let me speak to the question of fundamental fairness for all Americans. I’ve been delivering real results in fiscally responsible ways. We’ve already cut the federal deficit by over a trillion dollars. I signed the bipartisan deal to cut another trillion dollars in the next decade.

It’s my goal to cut the federal deficit $3 trillion by making big corporations and the very wealthy finally beginning to pay their fair share. Look, I’m a capitalist. If you want to make a million or million of bucks, that’s great, just pay your fair share in taxes. A fair tax code is how we invest things that make this country great: health care, education, defense, and more, but here’s the deal, the last administration enacted a $2 trillion tax cut, overwhelmingly benefit the topping 1%, the very wealthy, the biggest corporation, and exploded the federal deficit.


They added more to the national debt than any presidential term in American history. Check the numbers. Folks at home, does anybody really think the tax code is fair? Do you really think the wealthy and big corporations need another $2 trillion tax break? I sure don’t.


I’m going to keep fighting like hell to make it fair. Under my plan nobody earning less than $400,000 will pay an additional penny in federal taxes. Nobody. Not one penny, and they haven’t yet.


In fact, the Child Tax Credit I passed during the pandemic cut taxes for millions of working families and cut child poverty in half. Restore the Child Tax Credit. No child should go hungry in this country.


The way to make the tax code fair is to make big corporations and the very wealthy begin to pay their share. Remember in 2020, 55 of the biggest companies in America made $40 billion and paid zero in federal income taxes. Zero. Not any more. Thanks to the law I wrote and signed, big companies now have to pay a minimum of 15%.


That’s still less than working people pay in federal taxes. It’s time to raise corporate minimum tax to at least 21% so every big corporation finally begins to pay their fair share.


I also want to end tax breaks for big pharma, big oil, private, massive executive pay when deducted. They can pay $10 million if they want, but deduct a million. End it now.


You know, there are 1,000 billionaires in America. You know what the average federal tax rate for these billionaires? No, they’re making great sacrifices, 8.2%. That’s far less than the vast majority of Americans pay. No billionaire should pay a lower federal tax rate than a teacher, a sanitation worker, or a nurse.


I propose a minimum tax for billionaires of 25%. Just 25%. You know what that would raise? That would raise $500 billion over the next 10 years. Imagine what that could do for America. Imagine a future with affordable childcare, millions of families can get … They need to go to work to help grow the economy.


Imagine a future with paid leave, because no one should have to choose between working and taking care of their sick family member. Imagine a future of home care and elder care, and peoples living with disabilities so they can stay in their homes and family caregivers can finally get they pay they deserve.


Tonight, let’s all agree once again to stand up for seniors. Many of my friends on the other side of aisle want to put Social Security on the chopping block. If anyone here tries to cut Social Security or Medicare or raise the retirement age, I will stop you.


The working people who built this country pay more into Social Security than millionaires and billionaires do. It’s not fair. We have two ways to go. Republicans can cut Social Security and give more tax breaks to the wealthy. I will … That’s the proposal. Oh, no. You guys don’t want another $2 trillion tax cut? I kind of thought that’s what your plan was. Well, that’s good to hear you’re not going to cut another $2 trillion for the super wealthy. That’s good to hear.


I’ll protect and strengthen Social Security and make the wealthy pay their fair share. Look, too many corporations raise prices to pad their profits, charging more and more for less and less.


That’s why we’re cracking down on corporations that engage in price gouging and deceptive pricing, from food to health care to housing. In fact, the snack companies think you won’t notice if they charge the size of the bag and put a hell of a lot fewer … Same size bag, put fewer chips in it. No, I’m not joking. It’s called shrinkflation. Pass Bobby Casey’s bill and stop this. I really mean it.


You probably all saw that commercial on Snickers bars. You get charged the same amount and you got about, I don’t know, 10% fewer Snickers in it. Look, I’m also getting rid of junk fees, those hidden fees at the end of your bill that are there without your knowledge. My administration announced we’re cutting credit card late fees from $32 to just $8.


Banks and credit card companies are allowed to charge what it would cost them to instigate the collection, and that’s more a hell of a lot like $8 than 30-some dollars. They don’t like it. Credit card companies don’t like it, but I’m saving American families $20 billion a year with all the junk fees I’m eliminating.


Folks at home, that’s why the banks are so mad. It’s $20 billion in profit. I’m not stopping there. My administration has proposed rules to make cable, travel, utilities, and online ticket sellers tell you the total price upfront so there are no surprises. It matters. It matters, and so does this.


In November, my team began serious negotiations with a bipartisan group of senators. The result was a bipartisan bill with the toughest set of border security reforms we’ve ever seen. Oh, you don’t think so? Oh, you don’t like that bill, huh, that conservatives got together and said was a good bill? I’ll be darned. That’s amazing.


That bipartisan deal would hire 1,500 more security agents and officers, 100 more immigration judges to help tackle a backload of 2 million cases, 4,300 more asylum officers, and new policies so they can resolve cases in 6 months instead of 6 years now. What are you against? 100 more high-tech drug detection machines to significantly increase the ability to screen and stop vehicles smuggling fentanyl into America that’s killing thousands of children.


This bill would save lives and bring order to the border. It will also give me and any new president new emergency authority to temporarily shut down the border when the number of migrants at the border is overwhelming.


The Border Patrol Union has endorsed the bill. The Federal Chamber of Commerce has … Yeah, yeah. You say no. Look at the facts. I know you know how to read.


I believe that given the opportunity for a majority in the House and Senate would endorse the bill as well, a majority right now, but unfortunately, politics has derailed this bill so far.


I’m told my predecessor called members of Congress in the Senate to demand they block the bill. He feels political win political win for me and a political loser for him. It’s not about him, it’s not about me. I’d be a winner … Not really. Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal, that’s right, but how many of thousands of people being killed by illegals? To her parents I say, my heart goes out to you having lost children myself. I understand.


But look, if we change the dynamic at the border … People pay people … People pay these smugglers $8,000 bucks to get across the border because they know if they get by, if they get by and let into the country, it’s six to eight years before they having a hearing and it’s worth taking the chance for $8,000, but if it’s only six months, six weeks, the idea is it’s highly unlikely that people will pay that money and come all that way knowing that they’ll be able to be kicked out quickly. Folks, I would respectfully suggest my Republican friends owe it to the American people get this bill done. We need to act now.


If my predecessor is watching, instead of paying politics and pressuring members of Congress to block this bill, join me in telling the Congress to pass it. We can do it together, but that’s … What he apparently hears, what he will not do.


I will not demonize immigrants, saying they are poison in the blood of our country. I will not separate families. I will not ban people because of their faith.


Unlike my predecessor, on my first day in office I introduced a comprehensive bill to fix our immigration system. Take a look at it. It has all these and more.


Secure the border, provide a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers, and so much more, but unlike my predecessor, I know who we are as Americans. We’re the only nation in the world with a heart and soul that draws from old and new. Home to Native Americans whose ancestors have been here for thousands of years, home to people from every place on Earth.


They came freely, some came in chains, some came when famine struck, like my ancestral family in Ireland, some to flee persecution, to chase dreams that are impossible anywhere but here in America. That’s America, and we all come from somewhere, but we’re all American. Look, folks. We have a simple choice. We can fight about fixing the border or we can fix it. I’m ready to fix it. Send me the border bill now.


A transformational moment in history happened 59 years ago today in Selma, Alabama. Hundreds of foot soldiers for justice marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, named after the Grand Dragon of the Ku Klux Klan, to claim their fundamental right to vote. They were beaten, they were bloody, and left for dead. Our late friend and former colleague John Lewis was on that march. We miss him. Joining us tonight are other marchers, both in the gallery and on the floor, including Bettie Mae Fikes, known as the voice of Selma. The daughter of gospel singers and preachers, she sang songs of prayer and protest on that bloody Sunday to help shake the nation’s conscience.


Five months later, The Voting Rights Act passed and was signed into law. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. But 59 years later, there are forces taking us



… It’s back in time. Voter suppression, election subversion, unlimited dark money, extreme gerrymandering. John Lewis is a great friend to many of us here, but if you truly want to honor him and all the heroes that marched with him, then it’s time to do more than talk. Pass the Freedom to Vote Act, the John Lewis Voting Right Act. And stop denying another core value of America, our diversity across American life. Banning books, it’s wrong. Instead of erasing history, let’s make history. I want to protect fundamental rights. Pass the Equality Act. Am I missing the transgender American? I have your back. Pass the PRO Act for workers’ rights. Raise the federal minimum wage because every worker has a right to a decent living, more than 7 bucks an hour.


We’re also making history by confronting the climate crisis, not denying it. I don’t think any of you think there’s no longer a climate crisis, at least I hope you don’t. I’m taking the most significant action ever on climate in the history of the world. I’m cutting our carbon emissions in half by 2030, creating tens of thousands of clean energy jobs like the IBEW work is building and installing 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations. Conserving 30% of America’s lands and waters by 2030 and taking action on environmental justice. Fence-lined communities smothered by the legacy of pollution. And patterned after the Peace Corps in AmeriCorps, I launched the Climate Corps to put 20,000 young people to work in the forefront of our clean energy future. I’ll triple that number in a decade.


To state the obvious, all Americans deserve the freedom to be safe, and America is safer today then when I took office. The year before I took office, murder rates went up 30%. 30% they went up, the biggest increase in history. It was then through my American Rescue Plan, which every Republican voted against, I might add, we made the largest investment in public safety ever. Last year, the murder rates saw the sharpest decrease in history. Violent crime fell to one of its lowest levels in more than 50 years, but we have more to do. We have to help cities invest in more community police officers, more mental health workers, more community violence intervention. Give communities the tool to crack down on gun crime, retail crime and carjacking. Keep building trust as I’ve been doing by taking executive action on police reform and calling for it to be the law of the land. Directing my cabinet to review the federal classification of marijuana and expunging thousands of convictions for the mere possession because no one should be jailed for simply using or have it on their record. Take on crimes of domestic violence.


I’m ramping up the federal enforcement of the Violence Against Women Act that I proudly wrote when I was a senator, so we can finally, finally end the scourge against women in America. There are other kinds of violence I want to stop. With us tonight is Jasmine whose 9-year-old sister Jackie was murdered with 21 classmates and teachers in elementary school in Uvalde, Texas. Very soon after that happened, Jill and I went to Uvalde for a couple days. We spent hours and hours with each of the families. We heard their message so everyone in this room, in this chamber could hear the same message, the constant refrain. And I was there for hours meeting with every family. They said, “Do something. Do something.” Well, I did do something by establishing the first ever Office of Gun Violence Prevention in the White House that the vice president is leading the charge. Thank you for doing it.


Meanwhile, my predecessor told the NRA he’s proud he did nothing on guns when he was president. After another shooting in Iowa recently, when asked what to do about it, he said, “Just get over it.” There was his quote, “Just get over it.” I say stop it. Stop it, stop it, stop it. I’m proud we beat the NRA when I signed most significant gun safety law in nearly 30 years because of this Congress. We now must beat the NRA again. I’m demanding a ban on assault weapons and high capacity magazines. Pass universal background checks. None of this, none of this… I taught the Second Amendment for 12 years. None of this violates the Second Amendment or vilifies responsible gun owners.


As we manage challenges at home, we’re also managing crises abroad, including in the Middle East. I know the last five months have been gut-wrenching for so many people, for the Israeli people, for the Palestinian people and so many here in America. This crisis began on October 7th with a massacre by a terrorist group called Hamas as you all know. 1,200 innocent people, women and girls, men and boys, slaughtered after enduring sexual violence. The deadliest day for the Jewish people since the Holocaust and 250 hostages taken. Here in this chamber tonight are families whose loved ones are still being held by Hamas. I pledge to all the families that we will not rest until we bring every one of your loved ones home. We also will also work around the clock to bring home Evan and Paul, Americans being unjustly detained by the Russians and others around the world.


Israel has the right to go after Hamas. Hamas ended this conflict by releasing hostages, laying down arms… Could end it by releasing the hostages, laying down arms and surrendering those responsible for October 7th. But Israel has a added burden because Hamas hides and operates among the civilian population like cowards under hospitals, daycare centers and all the like. Israel also has a fundamental responsibility though to protect innocent civilians in Gaza. This war has taken a greater toll on innocent civilians than all previous wars in Gaza combined. More than 30,000 Palestinians have been killed, most of whom are not Hamas. Thousands and thousands of innocent women and children, girls and boys also orphaned. Nearly 2 million more Palestinians under bombardment or displacement. Homes destroyed, neighbors in rubble, cities in ruin, families without food, water, medicine. It’s heartbreaking.


I’ve been working nonstop to establish immediate cease fire that would last for six weeks to get all the prisoners released, all the hostages released, to get the hostages home and ease the intolerable and humanitarian crisis and build toward something more enduring. The United States have been leading international efforts to get more humanitarian assistance to Gaza. Tonight, I’m directing the US military to lead an emergency mission to establish a temporary pier in the Mediterranean on the coast of Gaza that can receive large shipments carrying food, water, medicine and temporary shelters. No US boots will be on the ground. A temporary pier will enable a massive increase in the amount of humanitarian assistance getting in Gaza every day. And Israel must do its part. Israel must allow more aid into Gaza and ensure humanitarian workers aren’t caught in the crossfire. They’re announcing they’re going to have a crossing in Northern Gaza.


To the leadership of Israel, I say this, humanitarian assistance cannot be a secondary consideration or a bargaining chip. Protecting and saving innocent lives has to be a priority. As we look to the future, the only real solution to the situation is a two-state solution over time. And I say this as a lifelong supporter of Israel my entire career. No one has a stronger record with Israel than I do. I challenge any of you here. I’m the only American president of Israel in wartime, but there is no other path that guarantees Israel’s security and democracy. There is no other path that guarantees Palestinian can live in peace with peace and dignity. And there’s no other path that guarantees peace between Israel and all of its neighbors, including Saudi Arabia with whom I’m talking.


Creating stability in the Middle East also means containing the threat posed by Iran. That’s why I build a coalition of more than a dozen countries to defend international shipping and freedom of navigation in the Red Sea. I’ve ordered strikes to degrade the Houthis capability and defend US forces in the region. As commander in chief, I will not hesitate to direct further measures to protect our people and our military personnel. For years, I’ve heard many of my Republican and Democratic friends say that China is on the rise, and America is falling behind. They’ve got it backwards. I’ve been saying it for over four years, even when I wasn’t president. America is rising. We have the best economy in the world, and since I’ve come to office, our GDP is up, our trade deficit with China is down to the lowest point in over a decade. And we’re standing up against China’s unfair economic practices. We’re standing up for peace and stability across the Taiwan Straits.


I revitalized our partnership and alliance in the Pacific. India, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Pacific Islands. I’ve made sure that the most advanced American technologies can’t be used in China, not allowing to trade them there. Frankly, for all this tough talk on China, it never occurred to my predecessor to do any of that. I want competition with China, not conflict. And we’re in a stronger position to win the conflict of the 21st century against China than anyone else for that matter, than any time as well. Here at home, I’ve signed over 400 bipartisan bills. There’s more to pass my unity agenda. Strength and penalties on fentanyl trafficking. You don’t want to do that, huh? Pass bipartisan privacy that says to protect our children online, harness the promise of AI to protect us from peril, ban AI voice impersonations and more. And keep our truly sacred obligation to train and equip those we send into harm’s way and care for them and their families when they come home and when they don’t.


That’s why the strong support and help of Denis and the VA, I signed the PACT Act, one of the most significant laws ever helping millions of veterans exposed to a toxin who now are battling more than 100 different cases. Many of them don’t come home, but we owe them and their families support. We owe it to ourselves to keep supporting our new health research agency called ARPA-H and remind us that we can do big things like end cancer as we know it, and we will. Let me close with this. I know you don’t want to hear any more, Lindsay, but I got to say a few more things. I know it may not look like it, but I’ve been around a while. When you get to be my age, certain things become clearer than ever. I know the American story. Again and again, I’ve seen the contest between competing forces in the battle for the soul of our nation between those who want to pull America back to the past and those who want to move America into the future. My lifetime has taught me to embrace freedom and democracy, a future based on core values that defined America. Honesty, decency, dignity, equality, to respect everyone, to give everyone a fair chance, to give hate no safe harbor. Now other people my age see it differently. The American story of resentment, revenge and retribution, that’s not me. I was born amid World War II when America stood for the freedom of the world. I grew up in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Claymont, Delaware among working class people who built this country.


I watched in horror as two of my heroes, like many of you did, Dr. King and Bobby Kennedy were assassinated. And their legacy inspired me to pursue a career in service. I left the law firm, became a public defender because my city of Wilmington was the only city in America occupied by the National Guard after Dr. King was assassinated because of the riots. And I became a county councilman almost by accident. I got elected to the United States Senate when I had no intention of running at age 29. Then vice president of our first black president. Now a president to the first woman vice president. In my career, I’ve been told I was too young. By the way, they can let me on the Senate elevators for votes sometimes. Not a joke. And I’ve been told I’m too old. Whether young or old, I’ve always known what endures. I’ve known our North Star.


The very idea of America that we’re all created equal and deserves to be treated equally throughout our lives, we’ve never fully lived up to that idea, but we’ve never walked away from it either. And I won’t walk away from it now. I’m optimistic. I really am. I’m optimistic, Nancy. My fellow Americans, the issue facing our nation isn’t how old we are. It’s how old are our ideas. Hate, anger, revenge, retribution are the oldest of ideas, but you can’t lead America with ancient ideas. Only take us back. You lead America, the land of possibilities, you need a vision for the future and what can and should be done. Tonight, you’ve heard mine.


I see a future we’re defending democracy. You don’t diminish it. I see a future where we’ll restore the right to choose and protect our freedoms, not take them away. I see a future where the middle class finally has a fair shot, and the wealthy have to pay their fair share in taxes. I see a future where we save the planet from the climate crisis and our country from gun violence. Above all, I see a future for all Americans. I see a country for all Americans, and I’ll always be president for all Americans because I believe in America. I believe in you, the American people. You’re the reason we’ve never been more optimistic about our future than I am now. So let’s build the future together. Let’s remember who we are. We’re the United States of America, and there’s nothing, nothing beyond our capacity when we act together. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.


Hey, Bobby? I didn’t embarrass you, did I?



I’ll tell you what Jim Eastland once said to you me. He said, “What would old Jim Eastland do for you in Delaware?” I said, Mr. Chairman, someplace, you’d help, and someplace, you’d hurt.” He looked at me and said, I’ll come and campaign for you again.”


Well, seeing is believing.



You know there’s no T in spank.



By the way, I’ve been in constant contact with him. Here’s what I worry about with Ukraine. If we pull away


Hello, hello, South Carolina.


Well, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Look, it’s good to be home with so many friends I’ve known for so long. And tonight, I’m thinking of so many of my friends who are no longer with us, like Fritz and Peatsy Hollings. And they were here for me when I first got started in a tough time in my life, when I didn’t want to stay in the Senate. They embraced me. They included me in everything and kept me going. They’re always with me in spirit.


The same goes for Emily Clyburn. Jim is the reason that I’m president, because he endorsed me and got all you to help me. But I later learned Emily convinced him to endorse me. Jim, we miss her. And you’re the best friend anyone could have.


Folks, if I were smart, I’d say “Thank you” and leave because Jim made the case for me better than I can make the case for me. Folks, and I love Columbia so much I asked your former mayor to join me in the White House. We’re fortunate to have Steve Benjamin at my side. But we’re really fortunate we put his better half on the federal bench. She’s doing an incredible job.

Just like I’m fortunate for my better half, Jill, who was here in Columbia last night with the women of Alpha Kappa Theta, Alpha Kappa Alpha, excuse me. She had a wonderful time.


And we’ve got so many real leaders here. Two former Chairs of the Congressional Black Caucus: Joyce Beatty, and you heard Marcia Fudge. Don’t mess with Marcia. And my home state senator, Chris Coons, who, a real quick story. When my son passed away… Well, anyway, Chris was just wonderful. He wouldn’t take the job. He wouldn’t run until he knew it was okay. We had to call Chris and say, “Chris, please run.” Because it was “Beau’s chair,” he said. Our great DNC chairman, Jaime Harrison from South Carolina. But the truth is I wouldn’t be here without the Democratic voters of South Carolina, and that’s a fact.


So, I want to start with a very simple message: From the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you.


If you ever doubt that the power to change America is in your hands, remember this: You proved it. You’re the reason I’m president. You’re the reason Kamala Harris is a historic vice president. And you are the reason Donald Trump is a defeated former president. You’re the reason Donald Trump is a loser. And you are the reason we’re going to win and beat him again.


Nearly four years ago, I came to Columbia to celebrate the primary victory, and I said then, and I quote, “For all those who have been knocked down, counted out, left behind, this is your campaign.” That same message has defined my presidency.


I’m determined-



I’m determined to give all those who have been knocked down, counted out, left behind in America, a shot again, a fair shot at making a living, taking care of their children, starting a business, being able to buy a home, build real wealth for generations to come.

Now, maybe Donald Trump and his MAGA friends believe that they to have to hold us down to lift everybody else up. I don’t believe that. I believe that America is big enough, strong enough, blessed enough for all of us to succeed.


And that’s why we’re finally building an economy to grow from the middle out and the bottom up instead of trickle-down economy from the top. Because if you do that, the poor have a ladder up, the middle class do well, and the wealthy still do very well. We all do well. Just think back to the mess Donald Trump left this country in: a deadly pandemic, economic freefall, a violent insurrection.


I promised to do everything in my power, I said at the time, to get us through one of the toughest periods in our history. And together we are. We vaccinated America. We created a record 14 million new jobs in three years. Let’s get something straight. Trump talks about putting checks in pockets, but in 2021, as soon as I came to office, I was the guy who sent every one of you those $1,400 checks.


On top of that, I sent those $300 checks per child per family per month for hardworking families. That was thousands of dollars in pockets to get people through a real crisis. And here’s what it did-



And here’s what it did. It helped cut Black poverty in half for Black children in America. Because no child in America should ever go hunger ever. When Trump pushed Black small businesses to the back of the line in the pandemic funding, I moved them to the front of the line. And today, Black small businesses are starting up at the fastest rate in 30 years.


But look, folks, things this country have been through have been pretty tough for a lot of people. But we’re making progress. There’s a lot more on the way. Inflation’s coming down. It’s now lower in America than any other major economy in the world. The cost of eggs, milk, chicken, gas, and so many other essential items have come down.


But for all we’ve done to bring prices down, there are still too many corporations in America ripping people off: price gouging, junk fees, greedflation, shrinkflation. You see that article about the Snickers bars? Well, it’s going to stop. Americans, we’re tired of being played for suckers. And that’s why we’re going to keep these guys, keep on them and get the prices down.


Folks, the bottom line is our economy has grown more in the last six months than it ever did at any point in Trump’s entire four years in office. And for too long, we imported products and exported jobs. But now, thanks to all we’re doing, we’re exporting American products and we’re bringing American jobs back home to America where they belong.


America’s experiencing a manufacturing boom that no one thought was possible. But I knew it was possible. 800,000 new manufacturing jobs and counting, good-paying jobs. Record unemployment, including the lowest levels of Black unemployment ever recorded in American history. The racial wealth gap is at its lowest level in 20 years.


Trump’s $2 trillion tax cut when he was president benefited the super wealthy but was never paid for, and it completely blew up the federal deficit. We brought that deficit down. And all the progress we’ve made comes down to a simple proposition: Promises made and promises kept.


I promised, as Jim pointed out, that we beat Big Pharma, that charges more for prescription drug prices in America than anywhere else in the world, the same company, the same prescription. And we did. $35 a month insulin for seniors instead of 400 a month or more. As Jim pointed out, we tried to make that $35 available for everybody, but the Republicans blocked us. But with our vote in 2024, we’re going to make it happen for everyone. Everyone.


As Jim pointed out, out-of-pocket costs for seniors for all their prescriptions will soon be capped at $2,000 a year, even for expensive cancer drugs that cost 10, 12, $15,000 a year.


I’ve protected and expanded the Affordable Care Act, giving millions of families over $800 in premiums and protecting their care from preexisting conditions. And, by the way, basically doubling the Pell Grants, which is another issue, but that’s…


Look, today, more Americans, more Black Americans have health insurance than ever in history. A promise made and a promise kept.


I promised to help ease accumulated student debt for millions of folks carrying during the crisis of the pandemic. The Supreme Court blocked me, but it didn’t stop me. I found another way to help more than 3.7 million people, teachers, nurses, police officers, firefighters with $130 billion of relief. And causing the economy to grow faster as a consequence of that.


And another 25,000 people a month, beginning next month, are going to start to get their student loans forgiven, because they’re getting notified with a letter from me. You’re about to get that relief because of their public service so they can follow their dreams, start a business, buy a home, start a family. And I’m not done. Promises made and promises kept.


I promise you we’d make record investments in HBCUs, including South Carolina’s eight HBCUs. HBCU students are just as talented as any student in America, but their colleges and universities don’t have the funding and endowments for the cutting-edge laboratories and research centers. Well, I’ve invested, so far, $7 billion in HBCUs and counting to help support our brilliant HBCUs students. And again, a promise made and a promise kept.


I keep my promises when I said no one, no one should be in prison for merely possessing marijuana or using it. And their record should be expunged. A promise made and a promise kept.


Folks, I made a commitment to have an administration that looks like America, to tap into the fullest talents of our nation. And I’m proud we have the most diverse administration in the history of America, because I know our diversity is our strength in America.


It was here in South Carolina that I promised to appoint the first Black woman to the United States Supreme Court. Her name is Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson. And by the way, she’s smarter than the rest. I have appointed more Black women to the Federal Circuit Courts of Appeals than every other president in American history combined, combined. A promise made and a promise kept.


And that includes Judge Michelle Childs of the DC Circuit, who is making South Carolina proud.


I promised to take care of hundreds of thousands of veterans exposed to toxic materials and care for their families. That’s why I wrote the PACT Act. As Commander-in-Chief, I think we have only one sacred obligation, I’ve said it many times, prepare those we send into harm’s way and care for them and their families when they come home.


Well, as Commander-in-Chief, I look at veterans completely differently than Donald Trump. Think about this, especially here in South Carolina, a proud military state, Donald Trump, when he was Commander-in-Chief, refused to visit a cemetery, a US cemetery outside of Paris for fallen American soldiers. And he referred to those heroes, and I quote, “as suckers and losers.” He actually said that. He said that. How dare he say that? How dare you talk about my son and all  like that. Look, I call them patriots and heroes. The only loser I see is Donald Trump.


It makes me angry. I apologize for losing my temper, but it really, really, really offends me.


In recent weeks, we’re starting to see real evidence that American consumers are facing real confidence in their economy we’re building. Let me tell you who else is noticing that: Donald Trump.


Did you see what he recently said about that he wants to see the economy crash this year? A sitting president. As they say in my faith, “Bless me, Father, for…” I mean, come on, man.


“When there’s a crash,” he said, “When there’s a crash, I hope in the next 12 months,” he went on to say. It’s unbelievable. It’s un-American. How can anyone, especially a former president, wish for an economic crash that would devastate millions of Americans? Well, let me tell you what he really means. Donald Trump knows this economy is good and strong and getting stronger. He knows that while it’s good for America, it’s bad for him politically.


Trump also said the one president he doesn’t want to be is Herbert Hoover. Well, Donald is too late. There are only two presidents in American history who left office with fewer jobs than when they took office: Herbert Hoover and yes, Donald “Herbert Hoover” Trump.


And by the way, have you noticed he’s a little confused these days? He apparently can’t tell the difference between Nikki Haley and Nancy Pelosi.


Well, folks we’re making real progress on one of the most important issues we’re facing: security at the border. The first bill introduced was for a massive change in security at our border. Two months ago, my team beginning to work with a bipartisan group of senators to put together the toughest, smartest, fairest border security bill in history, the best one the nation’s ever seen. It would finally provide the funding I requested early on and again in October to secure our borders.


It includes an additional 1,300 border patrols. We need more agents on the border. 375 immigration judges to judge whether or not someone can come or not come and be fair about it. 1,600 are asylum officers. And over 100 cutting-edge inspection machines to help detect and stop fentanyl coming outside our southwest border. It’ll also give me, as president, the emergency authority to shut down the border until it could get back under control. If that bill were the law today, I’d shut down the border right now and fix it quickly. A bipartisan bill would be good for American help fix our broken immigration system and allow speedy access for those who deserve to be here. And Congress needs to get it done.


Folks, we’re just getting started. That’s why I’m so optimistic about our future. 40,000 projects across America and counting, rebuilding our roads and our bridges; affordable high-speed Internet everywhere in America; ripping out every poisonous lead pipe in America so every child can turn on a faucet, drink clean water without worrying about brain damage.


We passed the most significant gun safety law in decades. And I will not stop until we once again ban assault weapons, as I did once.


Now, look, I want you to imagine the future nightmare of Trump back in office. I’m serious. Given the nightmare when he was in office, you know what’s likely to come. Trump and his MAGA friends are trying again to get rid of the Affordable Care Act and ripping away the protections you have under that, even if you have a preexisting condition. I won’t let that happen. Are you with me? I’ll not let that happen.


And instead of saving Social Security for working people and the middle class, although he said he wanted to get rid of it or change it, cut it drastically. He now says he’s for it. But guess what? Trump and his MAGA friends will give another massive tax break to the super wealthy and the biggest corporations. I won’t let that happen.


Folks, I know you’re with me. I know this: Trump and his MAGA friends are determined to take away your freedoms, like the freedom to vote. Trump brags about taking away a woman’s freedom to choose. And now they’re hatching a plan for a national ban, a national ban. I won’t let that happen. Are you with me?


I’ve made it clear: If MAGA Republicans try to pass a national ban on abortion, I will veto it. And consider that a promise made and a promise will be kept. If you reelect me and Kamala, with a Democratic House and a bigger majority in the Senate this November, imagine the future where we restore Roe v. Wade as the law of the land again. A promise made, and a promise will be kept.


Let me close with this. A few weeks-



Let me close with this. A few weeks ago, along with Jim, I spoke at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston. I said there are extreme and dangerous forces at work in this country dividing us, not uniting us; dragging us back to the past instead of leading us to a future; refusing to accept the results of legitimate elections; seeking, as Trump says, to terminate the Constitution; embracing political violence and white supremacy.


I said in Charleston, there’s a second Lost Cause emerging in America. The first Lost Cause perpetuated the lie that slavery wasn’t the cause of the Civil War. And we’ve been paying a price for that lie for generations.


The second Lost Cause is Trump’s big lie that the 2020 election was stolen. We cannot allow that lie to live either because it threatens our very democracy.


Folks, there are truth, and there are lies. Lies told for power, lies told for profit. We must call out these lies with a voice that is clear and unyielding. The Bible teaches, “We shall know the truth, and the truth shall set us free.”


My friends, we must speak the truth, that America, in America we still believe in honesty, decency, dignity, respect. We believe we’re all created equal and deserve to be treated equally throughout our lives. We leave no one behind. Everyone deserves a fair shot. We give hate no safe harbor. And we stand against the evil of racism, the poison of white supremacy today, tomorrow, and always. And we will live in the light, not darkness. We’ll stand with the truth and defeat the lies. And when we do, we’ll be able to look back and say something few generations have been able to say: America’s democracy was at risk, and we saved it.


Are you with me? Let’s finish what we started. February 3rd is your primary, the first in the nation. Organize, mobilize, vote. Let’s remember who we are. We’re the United States of America. And there’s nothing, nothing beyond our capacity if we stand together.


God bless you all. And may God protect our troops. Thank you, thank you, thank you.




Hey, buddy.



Let me say a few things before I take your questions. As you know, the special counsel released his findings today about their look into my handling of classified documents. I was pleased to see he reached the firm conclusion that no charges should be brought against me in this case. This was an exhaustive investigation going back more than 40 years, even into the 1970s when I was still a new United States senator. And the special counsel acknowledged I cooperated completely. I did not throw up any roadblocks. I sought no delays. In fact, I was so determined to give the special counsel what he needed I went forward with a five-hour in-person interview over two days, on October the 8th and 9th of last year, even though Israel had just been attacked by Hamas on the 7th and I was very occupied. I was in the middle of handling an international crisis.


I was especially pleased to see special counsel make clear the stark distinction and difference between this case and Mr. Trump’s case. Special counsel wrote, and I quote, “Several material distinctions between Mr. Trump’s case and Mr. Biden’s are clear.” Continuing to quote. “Most notably, after giving multiple chances to return classified documents to avoid prosecution, Mr. Trump allegedly did the opposite. According to the indictment, he not only refused to return the documents for many months, he also obstructed justice by enlisting others to destroy evidence and then to lie about it. In contrast, we wanted to say Mr. Biden turned in classified documents to the National Archives and the Department of Justice, consented to the search of multiple locations, including his home, sat for a voluntary interview, and in other ways cooperated with the investigation.”


I’ve seen the headlines since the report was released about my willful retention of documents. These assertions are not only misleading, they’re just plain wrong. On page 215, if you had a chance — I know it’s a thick document — on page 215, the report of the special counsel found the exact opposite. Here’s what he wrote. There is in fact a shortage of evidence that I willfully retained classified materials related to Afghanistan. On page 12, the special counsel also wrote for another documents, “The decision to decline criminal charges was straightforward. The evidence suggests that Mr. Biden did not willfully retain these documents.” The evidence said I did not willfully retain these documents. In addition, I know there’s some attention paid to some language in the report about my recollection of events. There’s even reference that I don’t remember when my son died. How in the hell dare he raise that? Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself, it wasn’t any of their damn business.


Let me tell you something. Some of you have commented, I wear since the day he died, every single day, the rosary he got from Our Lady of… Every Memorial Day we hold a service remembering him, attended by friends and family and the people who loved him. I don’t need anyone to remind me when he passed away or if he passed away. Simple truth is I sat for a five-hour interview over two days of events going back 40 years at the same time I was managing an international crisis. Their task was to make a decision about whether to move forward with charges in this case. That’s their decision to make, that’s the counsel’s decision to make. That’s his job. And they decided not to move forward. For any extraneous commentary, they don’t know what they’re talking about. It has no place in this report. The bottom line is the matter is now closed. I’m going to continue what I’ve always focused on, my job of being President of the United States of America. Thank you, and I’ll take some questions.



I’m well-meaning and I’m an elderly man and I know what the hell I’m doing. I’ve been president and I put this country back on its feet. I don’t need his recommendation. It’s totally-

Press  :

How bad is your memory and can you continue as president?

Joseph Biden  :

My memory is so bad I let you speak. That’s what-



Now, look. My memory is fine. Take a look at what I’ve done since I’ve become president. None of you thought I could pass any of the things I got passed. “How’d that happen?” I guess I just forgot what was going on.



Only by some of you.



I take responsibility for not having seen exactly what my staff was doing. Things that appeared in my garage, things that came out of my home, things that were moved, not by me, but my staff, but my staff.



Watch me.



That is your judgment. That is your judgment.



That is not the judgment of the press.



Because I’m the most qualified person in this country to be President of the United States and finish the job I started.



I did not share classified information. I did not share it.



With my ghostwriter. I did not. Guarantee you I did not.



Well, no, they did not say that. He did not say that. Let me answer your question. The fact of the matter is what I didn’t want repeated, I didn’t want him to know and I didn’t read it to him, was I had written a long memorandum to President Obama, why we should not be in Afghanistan. And it was multiple pages. And so what I was referring to, I said classified, I should have said it should be private because it was a contact between the president and the vice president as to what was going on. That’s what he’s referring to. It was not classified information in that document. That was not classified.



First of all, what I would have done is oversee the transfer of the material that was in my offices. I should have done that. If I go back, I didn’t have the responsibility to that. That was my staff was supposed to do that, and they referenced that in the report. And my staff did not do it in the way that… For example, I didn’t know how half the boxes got in my garage until I found out staff gathered them up, put them together, and took them to the garage in my home. And all the stuff that was in my home was in filing cabinets that were either locked or able to be locked.

It was in my house. It wasn’t out, like in Mar-a-Lago, in a public place. And none of it was high classified. Didn’t have any of that red stuff on it — you know what I mean? — around the corners. None of that. And so I wish I had paid more attention to how the documents were being moved and where. I thought they were being moved to the Archives. I thought all of it was being moved. That’s what I thought. Now, what was the last part of your question?



I think a special counsel should have been appointed. And the reason I think a special counsel should have been appointed is because I did not want to be in a position that they looked at Trump and weren’t going to look at me, just like they looked at the vice president. And the fact is, they made a firm conclusion. I did not break the law. Period. Thank you all very, very much.



I’m of the view, as you know, that the conduct of the response in the Gaza Strip has been over the top. I think that, as you know, initially, the president of Mexico, El-Sisi, did not want to open up the gate to allow humanitarian material to get in. I talked to him. I convinced him to open the gate. I talked to Bibi to open the gate on the Israeli side. I’ve been pushing really hard, really hard, to get humanitarian assistance into Gaza. There are a lot of innocent people who are starving, a lot of innocent people who are in trouble and dying. And it’s got to stop, number one. Number two, I was also in the position that I’m the guy that made the case that we have to do much more to increase the amount of material going in, including fuel, including other items.


I’ve been on the phone with the Qataris, I’ve been on the phone with the Egyptians, I’ve been on the phone with the Saudis to get as much aid as we possibly can into Gaza. There are innocent people, innocent women and children, who are also badly in need of help. And so that’s what we’re pushing, and I’m pushing very hard now to deal with this hostage ceasefire. I’ve been working tirelessly on this deal — how can I say this without revealing it? — to lead to a sustained pause in the fighting, in the actions taking place in the Gaza Strip. Because I think if we could get the delay, the initial delay, I think that we would be able to extend that so that we could increase the prospect that this fighting in Gaza changes.


There’s also negotiations. You may recall in the very beginning, right before Hamas attacked, I was in contact with the Saudis and others to work out a deal where they would recognize Israel’s right to exist. Make them part of the Middle East and recognize them fully in return for certain things that the United States would commit to do. And the commitment that we were proposing to do related to two items; I’m not going to go in detail. But one of them was to deal with the protection against their arch enemy to the northeast. The second one, by providing ammunition and material for them to defend themselves. Coincidentally, that’s the timeframe when this broke out. I have no proof what I’m about to say, but it’s not unreasonable to suspect that the Hamas understood what was about to take place and wanted to break it up before it happened.
