

Donald Trump (00:00):

Wow, thank you very much. That’s a big crowd of people.

(00:03)
Well, hello Pickens and hello to South Carolina. It’s great to be with you. We’ve had great success together. I don’t know if you know it, but those crowds are going all the way back into whatever the hell street you have back there. Whatever that street is, they’ve passed it. There’s nowhere else I’d rather be to kick off the 4th of July weekend than right here on Main Street with thousands of proud, hardworking South Carolina patriots who believe in God, family and country. Do we all believe in God, family and country? I think so. Let me begin by wishing each and every one of you a very happy Independence Day. It’s a big day. We need our independence back to be honest with you. Nearly two and a half centuries ago, brave American patriots risk their lives for the majestic cause of freedom. Their names entered history as heroes and legends. They are indeed legends. They want to delete our legends. We’re not letting them delete our legends. We’re not letting them delete General Pickens either. That I can tell you. There will be no deletion of General Pickens, but names like George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Patrick Henry, and South Carolina’s own Francis Marion and the great general Andrew Pickens. He’s become very famous today, I have to be honest, this thing is all over the world. I have it broadcast. Look at all the fake news back there. It’s all over the world.

(02:10)
I hope they don’t go back to their spreads where they’re all losing lots of money because they don’t have credibility anymore. And so I’d say let’s look at Andrew Pickens. Let me see, what did he do wrong? Let’s change the name. Let’s change. Don’t let them change anything. Don’t let them change. When they want to change the name of George Washington, they’ve taken the name of George Washington off over a hundred schools throughout the country. These people are sick. When they want to get rid of the Jefferson Memorial, that’s not happening. But today, everything having to do with those courageous Americans who fought for us and sacrificed so strongly is indeed being destroyed under Crooked Joe Biden. And he is crooked as hell, isn’t it? I’ve been hitting him much differently than I have because I’ve always respected the office. And then when they indicted me for nothing, I said, “Now the gloves are off. Now we have to say it like it is.” He’s a crook. Under crooked Joe Biden, I never called him that. I took the name away from Hillary Clinton. We call her Beautiful Hillary now. And because I don’t … It was Crooked Hillary. Now it’s Crooked Joe because it’s a much more appropriate name right now for this man who’s just destroying our country. Under Crooked Joe Biden, millions and millions of illegal aliens are streaming across our border. Main Street is being crushed by catastrophic inflation. Our Constitution is being ripped to shreds. Our children are being taught to hate our great heroes. Hate them. You’re going to hate Abraham Lincoln. You’re going to hate George Washington. Men are competing in women’s sports. How about that one? Murders, gang members and bloodthirsty killers are being set loose on innocent people and Joe Biden is stumbling us into the brink of World War III because he has no idea what the hell he is doing. While starting, and when you think of what’s going on with Russia, Russia now is at a point where they better make the right decision because we are on a course toward World War III and the weaponry is impossible. If you ever saw the kind of power, the kind of destructive force, and we have a man who’s grossly incompetent, who’s representing us, and if you look at the leaders of the world, these people are at the top of their game. President Xi and Kim Jong-un, and I could name almost every country, but we have somebody that’s not at all. But while stating twice this week as an example, that Russia is losing the war to Iraq. Twice. You can make mistakes on occasion. Even Lindsey down here, Senator Lindsey Graham, we love Senator Graham. We’re going to love him. We’re going to love him. I know it’s half and half, but when I need some of those liberal votes, he’s always there to help be get them. Okay, we’ve got some pretty liberal people, but he’s good. He’s good. We know the good ones. We know the bad ones too. We got some real bad ones. But even he makes mistakes on occasion. But you can’t make a mistake by calling Ukraine, Iraq. And then you certainly can’t do it a second time because there’s something wrong. With the help of everyone here today, we’re going to win the South Carolina primary seven months from now. And on Election Day 2024, we are going to evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House. We’re going to bring our country back. We are going to take back our country. We’re going to make America great again. That’s what we need. Make America great again.

(06:21)
The fake news media has finally started to admit what we all knew. Joe Biden is the most corrupt president in American history by far. It’s not even close. He’s a criminal and a liar who sold his office to foreign countries and many other people. You take a look at what’s going on. All of the stuff goes into the stuff he calls, it goes into family pockets and it comes from many cases, very bad third world actors. And nobody thought they were going to get caught with all of their phony corporations that they set up. The only problem is those people don’t like to report on it, but they’re actually having to start. It’s very interesting. I’m just not sure I want to run against anybody else. I sort of like this one. And by the way, we’re leading him by a lot. But just think of the massive Biden corruption unveiled in the past few weeks alone.

(07:26)
According to Representatives James Comer and Jim Jordan who are doing a fantastic job by the way, at least 9 Biden family members were paid vast sums of money through 20 different shell companies for no legitimate reason at all. They can’t figure it out. While Crooked Joe was Vice President, he was using that as a cash machine. In addition, we learned the FBI has explosive evidence that Joe Biden took bribes from Ukraine yet the corrupt FBI is out of control. Not only covered it up, they stayed silent while crazy Nancy Pelosi, little Adam Schiff, how about that beauty? Little Adam Schiff, and the radical Democrats impeached me. They impeached me. But that was just the beginning because they also indicted me a couple of years later for asking questions about the Biden bribery scam. Just happened to ask. It turned out I was right. This is a sick nest of people that needs to be cleaned out and cleaned out immediately. Turned out I was right.

(08:41)
It turned out I was right. I had to go through two impeachments and I was right on both of them. And it’s been proven and especially with the laptop from hell. It’s been proven, it’s been right there, right in front of their eyes. Last week, an IRS whistleblower revealed that Crooked Joe sat in a room while his son Hunter messaged a Chinese Communist party top official. And he said, I quote, “I am sitting here with my father Sleepy Joe. And we would like to,” and by the way, he may not be as sleepy as we thought based on all this stuff. “And we would like to understand with the commitment made, what has happened? Why has it not been fulfilled? Why haven’t you sent us the money? Tell the director that I would like to resolve this right now before it gets out of hand and now means tonight.”

(09:38)
I didn’t know he was a tough guy. They are with our money. They’re not with our nation because they’re giving it away to other countries. “And if I get a call or text from anyone involved and this other than you, Zang.” Top person. “Or the chairman, I will make certain that between the man sitting next to me.” That’s dad. Hi dad. Remember, he said he was the was the smartest person he has ever met. By the way, at some time, does Joe Biden say, “The son just not working out very well.” At some point, but it won’t matter if the press doesn’t catch it. Remember that. “But the man sitting next to me and every person he knows, you will regret not following my rejection and direction. I’m sitting here waiting for the call” and he says he wants it right now. “I’m sitting waiting for the call with my father.” Within 10 days, the Biden’s collected $5.1 million from China for no reason whatsoever. They didn’t do anything.

(10:46)
Once again, Trump was right. Trump was right. They have these hats. Trump was right about everything. I don’t know about everything, but we were right about a lot, Marjorie? A lot. Joe Biden is corrupt and Joe Biden is a very compromised president. He’s being paid off just like a common criminal, gets paid off, just a more sophisticated manner and much larger numbers. But he’s totally protected by the Department of Injustice and by the fake news media, which has been weaponized to a degree we have never ever seen before. This is a crime 100 times bigger than Watergate and they just don’t want to write about it. When I get back in office, I will appoint a real special prosecutor to investigate every detail of the Biden crime family of corruption. So incredible.

(11:47)
And again, out of respect for the Office of President, I would never be talking this way, even knowing a lot of this stuff. I have too much respect for the office, but once they do what they did to me and to you by doing what they did so corrupt, I said, “Now the gloves are off from that standpoint, what they’ve done is so terrible.” So I’ll speak differently than I would have three weeks ago because you never heard me use this kind of language. I wouldn’t want to out of respect for our country and for the office, but we really have no choice. These people are sick, they’re sick people. But despite all of this, they go after me for the Presidential Records Act. Well, that’s what they should be looking at because everything I did was under the Presidential Records Act. We have a thug prosecutor named Smith, Jack Smith. He’s a thug. He’s had many losses, he’s destroyed many lives and they put him in charge.

(12:44)
In the meantime, what about Biden’s Records? This guy has 1,850 boxes. He has boxes stored in Chinatown in DC, rough place by the way. He has them stored at Penn where China’s paid them almost a hundred million dollars. China paid almost a hundred million dollars, and nobody wants to even talk about that. He took classified information when he was a senator and even Democrat senators say, “You can’t do that.” Charging a former President of the United States under the Espionage Act of 1917. Espionage, me? Espionage. As Putin said, “You are the most vicious President ever. There’s never been a President that did this to me.” And yet I got along with him, isn’t that nice? Don’t forget, I ended his pipeline first day. I ended it, I said, “No more pipeline” in the middle of construction. Biden came in and he approved it. I gave Javelins, remember this? I gave Javelins to Ukraine. They were the anti-tank missiles and they knocked the hell out of Russia.

(13:54)
But I got along with Putin and it’s good to get along with people on the other side. It’s very good. The Espionage Act of 1917 is an act for a crime so heinous that only the death penalty would do is one of the most outrageous and vicious legal theories ever put in an American court of law. There’s never been anything like this. And by the way, almost all other presidents took the documents with them. You look at Barack Hussein Obama. Did anyone ever hear of Barack Hussein Obama? The Bushes took documents. Jimmy Carter took documents. You don’t like Bush? Yeah, I don’t understand that. I mean, he got us into the Middle East, didn’t he? He got us into the Middle East. $10 trillion. That’s right. No more war unless we need it.

(14:47)
We have the greatest military now in the world. I rebuilt it. Of course, we shouldn’t have given $85 billion worth to Afghanistan, losing 13 great soldiers, leaving Americans behind. That’s what showed the weakness, and that’s one of the reasons I think maybe a primary reason that Putin went in, that President Xi of China is talking pretty big. The Espionage Act has been used to go after traitors and spies. It has nothing to do with a former president legally keeping documents. As a president, the law that applies to this case is not the Espionage Act. It’s vicious. Never used before. It’s only been used to me over boxes that I’m allowed to have, the Espionage Act. But the Presidential Records Act, which is not even mentioned in this horrible and vicious and stupid, according to very talented lawyers, 44 page indictment under the Presidential Records Act, which is a civil situation, not a criminal law. I had every right to have these documents, personal belongings and boxes. I had absolute right to have them.

(15:59)
Joe Biden didn’t and Mike Pence didn’t, and neither did certain other people that weren’t presidents because they were not covered by the Presidential Records Act of 1978. Relatively new compared to others. But these scoundrels and thugs in our weaponized government are corrupt, just like the President is corrupt. So they decided only to come after me, only to come after me. It’s an amazing thing. It’s called election interference and it’s backfired on them because my poll numbers are much higher now than they were three months ago, and we were still leading by a lot three months ago, but now we’re really leading.

(16:46)
A lot of people are going to start dropping out. Watch. They’re at a solid one. One of them had a zero with an arrow to the left. What does that mean? Can you have a zero with an arrow pointing left? That means they got less than zero. I guess it’s probably a double voter. These people that vote 2, 3, 4 times, I guess that’s what they’re referring to. They have zero with an arrow pointing left.

(17:07)
The crucial legal precedent is laid out in the most important case ever on this subject known as the Clinton Socks case. You know why? Because he took things out in his socks. Bill Clinton. After leaving the White House, Bill Clinton kept 79 audio tapes in his socks in his sock drawer. Well, unusual place. Of these tapes, some of the most important conversations in government were had, talked to the leaders of many, many big and great and strong and countries, enemies of ours. A lot of them. Not only was Bill Clinton never even considered for criminal prosecution based on the tapes and all of the other things he took, but the tapes in particular, they were brutal. But when he was sued for them in a civil case, he won the case. In other words, they said he could do it. Judge Amy Berman Jackson’s decision states, I quote, “Under the statutory scheme established by the Presidential Records Act, the decision to segregate personal materials from presidential records is made by the President during the President’s term and in his sole and complete discretion.” You getting this?

(18:26)
In other words, it’s a phony deal. Any normal administration, even an opposing one, would consider that to be the end of the case, but not the corrupt Biden regime because they want to do this for election interference. He’s getting his ass kicked in the polls and he needs to do this for election interference, which is their new form of cheating. It’s actually a pretty old form, but it’s new to this country to the extent that they’re doing it. The Socks decision also states, “The National Archives and Records Administration or NARA.” Radical left group. Do you know they have, NARA has the Constitution flagged, red flagged? Do you know that? And they have not only the Constitution red flagged, they have the Bill of Rights because they say they’re dangerous documents.

(19:13)
This is what we’re dealing with, but they don’t have the authority to designate. Think of that. NARA does not have the authority to designate materials as presidential records. They’re the ones coming after me. NARA does not have the tapes in question, and NARA lacks any right, duty, or means to seize control of them. This is the decision of the judge. The President enjoys unconstrained authority. This is again, the decision of a respected judge to make decisions regarding the disposition of documents. Neither the archivist nor Congress has the authority to veto the President’s decision. In other words, the President alone,

Donald Trump (20:00):

Not the vice president, not allowed, not other offices, and not the senators. When he was a senator, he took a lot of classified information and you’re not allowed to do that. The Presidential Records Act does not confer any at all mandatory or even discretionary authority on the archivist to classify records. Under the statute, just to finish up, this responsibility is left solely to the President of the United States. Not all these other people that say, “Oh, he kept some documents.” What I do I do legally. In other words, whatever documents a president decides to take with him, he has the absolute right to do so. That’s the law and it couldn’t be more clear. I don’t think it could be more clear than that.

(20:52)
Even The New York Times, of all papers, in a major article said that when it comes to asking for documents, I guarantee you this reporter got fired, from the former of presidents, the only power that NARA has is to say, this is The Times. “Pretty please, could we have them.” Quote, “Asking nicely is about all they can do,” and yet they reported me to the Department of Justice for criminal prosecution.

(21:23)
So, there it is. Nothing like this has ever happened. The Espionage Act has never been used before. These are sick people. These are degenerates that are running our country and our country’s going to hell.

(21:39)
And I just might add briefly right next door, because these are all Democrats and they’re all in total contact with the Justice Department. That includes Manhattan, that includes Atlanta, Georgia, one of the most unsafe per capita places anywhere in this country. It’s number one or number two, worse than Chicago. You don’t know that. People are leaving Atlanta. And we loved Atlanta, we loved Georgia. We did great in Georgia. Unfortunately, bad things happen. We can’t let any of that stuff happen again and we’re not going to let it.

(22:15)
But right next door in Georgia, the racist district attorney goes after me for a perfect phone call. Even more perfect than the call I made to Ukraine. Even more perfect. She’s got the worst per capita crime record in the country. Think of this. Murderers are allowed to get away with murder. They’re allowed to get away with murder. They don’t even go after them. The only one they go after is Trump. “Let’s see, didn’t he have a phone call?” And when you think about that call, many lawyers were in that call. That was a call made when I was president and I was protesting the election results in Georgia.

(22:52)
And they had numerous, many, they had Secretary of State on, Raffensperger. And they had many lawyers on the call, some ours, but many of them theirs. Not one person protested that call. There was no problem with that call. They didn’t say, “Sir, I’m sorry. Please rephrase.” It was only long time afterwards they said, “Let’s see. Trump made a phone call, didn’t he?”

(23:16)
Well, we actually made another one that was so perfect that they refused to even show it or report it, but we have a copy of it. It was a perfect call. These were perfect calls. These were calls where you’re questioning the validity and the safety of elections and it’s a disgrace that they’re allowed to even think about it.

(23:34)
But not one person protested until long after that call. And if there was something wrong with that call, I am not a stupid person. Number one, I’m an honest person, so I wouldn’t do it anyway. But when people are on the phone, including many lawyers, do you think many people were on that phone? Many, many people. Do you think I’m going to say what they’d like to have? But the problem is it’s not born out. I will tell you what is born out. The call was supposedly taped in the state of Florida. And in Florida you’re not allowed to do … That’s a two-party state. In other words, you’re not allowed to tape phone calls. They tape the phone call. To show you how nice they are, they tape the phone call and you’re not allowed. So, that is the real crime here. They had a two-party state with somebody taping the call, supposedly from Florida.

(24:23)
The Bidens took in millions and millions of dollars from Ukraine, from Russia and from China. And now Joe is giving China the green light as they open up, not even believable, military installations in Cuba, just 90 miles off our coast. Think of that. And that will end as soon as I’m president. China will be leaving. They will be leaving. They will be leaving. And we had a very good relationship. You didn’t hear about Taiwan and you didn’t hear about Ukraine from Putin during my four years.

(24:58)
They say, “How do you know?” Because they would’ve never happened. They say, “How do you know?” They say, “Because number one, it never happened.” It was never even discussed. They knew better. Joe Biden’s policy is China first. My policy is very simple, America first.

(25:18)
And, by the way, is everybody warm enough? Are you sure? But this is South Carolina. We’re used to nice, beautiful, warm weather. How about Joe when he is in Florida and he goes, “It’s really nice to be in New Hampshire. They got palm trees up.” Or when he was in Ohio? No. How about Iowa? Well, actually, the best happened to be when he said last couple of days, what he was saying about Ukraine and Iraq. But when he is in a certain state, many times he’s gotten it wrong. “It’s wonderful to be in Iowa.” “Sir, sir, sir. It’s Idaho.” “Oh, Idaho. They grow potatoes in Idaho, right?”

(26:02)
No. We got a man who’s grossly incompetent and he could get us into World War III and this will not be a war like army tanks going back and forth, shooting at each other. These are weapons so powerful, it’s obliteration. He shouldn’t be there. He shouldn’t be there. Shouldn’t be there for a lot of reasons, but he shouldn’t be there just based on his competence.

(26:24)
And tell him to take the cognitive test. That would be an interesting, set a record for an all time … I took it. They said, “Trump is vicious and he’s brilliant and he wants to take over the world.” And that wasn’t working. Then they said, “Trump is this, Trump is that?” Then they said, “Well, Trump’s … Let’s see. Oh, he must be stupid. Oh, he’s stupid.”

(26:43)
So, when I heard that, I said, “Let me take the cognitive test,” and I did, given and administered by a whole lot of doctors. And Dr. Ronny Jackson of Texas, who is now a congressman, was an admiral. Great. And as he said to everybody, “Trump aced it.” I aced it. I got them all right, and I never heard the stupid stuff anymore. So, that one disappeared. So, I think Biden should take it. That way he can get rid of that. They can get rid of that little statement about him being not so smart.

(27:15)
Despite the Biden’s flagrant corruption, the weaponized Department of injustice interfered to block the investigation against Joe and Hunter, stopped felony charges and even secretly tipped off Hunter, this just came out recently, about a search of his storage units. Just a little different than what they did with the gun-toting FBI agents when they raided Mar-a-Lago. While Joe Biden used the DOJ to cover up his own crimes, he ordered his top political opponent, me, arrested. They arrested me right in the middle of our presidential election, which Joe Biden is losing by a lot, by a lot. They rigged the presidential election in 2020. We’re not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024. Never forget, our enemies want to stop me because I am the only one who can stop them. If these corrupt persecutions of our people succeed, they will complete the takeover of this country. This country will be taken over by these lunatics and destroy your way of life forever. And when that happens, there’s no coming back. It’ll be gone. Communism, remember I used to use the word socialism. They passed that station a long time ago. Communism, they’re fascists. Marxists. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom. I will never let it happen. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they’re not after me, they’re after you. And I just happen to be standing in their way. It’s an honor to do so.

(29:19)
And it’s no wonder the swamp is getting truly desperate because, as we do better and better and our poll numbers rocket, they get more and more vicious. They have all these vicious thugs, just vicious, horrible thugs. In the new Premise Poll, we are at 59% and that’s with all of these people running. We have a massive lead in the Siena poll. We’re at 61%, the Republican primary vote against … How many people are running now? Every day it gets bigger and bigger. In the Harvard Harris poll, we’re leading by 45 points. In another poll by a pollster who I just spoke to in the back we’re up 61 points on everybody, 61. That’s a lot. That’s a lot.

(30:08)
In the National Public Affairs poll here in South Carolina, we are leading by many, many points. In fact, so many points, they didn’t even want to put out a number. They said, “Whatever the hell it is.”

(30:22)
And you have, as you know, Tim Scott, who happens to be a good man, by the way, but you have Tim Scott and you have Nikki Haley running. But leading by so much that people don’t even want to put out the numbers. They don’t even believe them. And we’re leading Biden by many, 6% in the Harvard Harris poll.

(30:44)
Remember, you would hear, 6% is out. For a Republican, that’s considered a landslide because, number one, they start off cheating like hell. Okay, forget that. But they start off with lots of people that I don’t think are going to vote for them anymore like unions, like civil service, like others. They have an automatic base of probably 35%. The Republicans don’t have that base. We have to win the entire East Coast like I did. We won Florida, we won Georgia, we won 2016. We won everything. We ran up the East Coast and all of a sudden we won a state that hadn’t been won in many, many, many years. Not this state. We run a wonderful, beautiful, beautiful place. Did anyone ever hear of Pennsylvania? Pennsylvania? We won Pennsylvania. We won Pennsylvania by a lot and we won. We just ran the board and they had things going on, but we won by so much.

(31:48)
So, the key to this is you have to win. You have to swamp them. If you can swamp them, okay, if you can swamp them, you’re going to win by a tremendous, because at a certain level they can’t cheat. But remember, when you have open border policies, no voter ID policies, high taxes, high interest rates, no longer energy sufficient, and we don’t have enough energy in our country and yet we have more liquid gold. Think of it. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country in the world, including Saudi Arabia and Russia. Think of it. We were at a level where gasoline was at numbers that nobody could even believe. 2024 is the most important election in the history of our country. I used to say it with 2016. I didn’t think I had to say it with 2020 because we thought we were going to win easily.

Speaker 1 (32:40):

You did win!

Donald Trump (32:41):

The American workers. She said, “You did win.” You’re right about that, by the way. To American workers watching their take-home pay shrink and watching inflation destroy their family and their lives, to overtax small business owners, to the voiceless, unborn child, to parents scared to death that one of their children will become the next fentanyl victim. By the way, drugs are up at the border almost 10 times from what they were just three years ago, to teachers.

Speaker 2 (33:21):

There is no border.

Donald Trump (33:23):

You’re right. There is no border. We had a strong border. We had the strongest border in history. Now we have, I think the worst border anywhere in the world. No country would allow it to happen, what’s happening to us. To the teachers who simply want to educate our children, not indoctrinate them. To the female student athlete who awakes at 5:00 in the morning to train day after day, but is forced to compete against male athletes, to our veterans being denied the care your country promised them. I mean, look at what’s happened to the Veterans Administration since I’ve been out. We had 92% approval rating. Now it’s down in the forties. What they’ve done to the Veterans Administration is disgraceful. To families who are seeing their religious freedom under attack and the seniors living in fear, their Social Security benefits and Medicare being drastically cut. To all of you, I have your back. None of this will happen. We have your back.

(34:37)
America is tired of being ruled by the radical bureaucrats and we are done with the likes of the Bidens, the Clintons, the radical left Democrat, communists, Marxists, fascists, the Obamas, Paul Ryan, and Karl Rove almost as bad. They are bad news.

(34:57)
I promise you this, if you put me back in the White House, their reign will be over and the America that we knew and we knew for a long time will indeed be a free nation once again. It will be a free nation. We’re thrilled to be joined tonight by a very special man. In fact, there are some people that say I gave Nikki that position at the United Nations because I wanted your lieutenant governor to become governor. And I will not debate them on that because I don’t think I could win that debate because he’s been an incredible governor. He’s a fantastic man, Henry McMaster, where is he, and Mrs. McMaster. Thank you. What a woman. What a woman.

(35:45)
They work so hard for me. They endorsed me from day one and he went around the state. They both did, really, went around the state day in, day out. He said, “Sir, you’re going to win. You’re going to win.” Well, I’m running against you, governor. He said, “You’re going to win.” And we really won. But I had the advantage of you and my opponent only had the advantage of Nikki. So, we like Henry. I’ve always loved him and you’re doing a fantastic job as governor. That I’ve heard from everybody. Fantastic.

(36:18)
And again, Senator Lindsey Graham, who has really got … I’m going to have to work on these people. I’m going to have to. All right. He’s there. He’s there when you need him. He’s there when you need. I’m going to get him straightened up. Do you mind if I come here and campaign a little bit for you? I’ll tell you what. He was one of my earliest endorsements right from the go and I appreciate it very much. I appreciate it. Lieutenant Governor Pamela Evette, thank you. Thank you. Pamela. You’re doing a great job. Treasurer Curtis Loftis, Congressman William Timmons, who’s really been fan to … Where is William? He is around here someplace. I just saw him. William Timmons has been great. Congressman who’s really a star. This is a shooting star. Russell Fry. Where’s Russell? What a job Russell’s done. Thank you, Russell. Congressman, or as I call her, she’s both the strongest person you’ve ever met and she is smart as hell. I don’t know if she gets credit for that. I’m not so sure, Governor, but let me tell you, she’s smart, she’s tough. She can do things that other people can’t. Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene. And former lieutenant governor, very popular guy, André Bauer. Thank you, André, for being here with your family, as well as state representatives Thomas Beach, Stewart Jones, Patrick Haddon, Cal Forrest, Doug Gilliam, David O’Neal, Melissa Lackey Oremus, and Jay Kilmartin, who are fantastic. And thank you all very much for the endorsement. And Jimmy, thank you very much, Mayor Pro Tem Jimmy Davis. All these people endorse me.

(38:37)
The press doesn’t want to cover it. If they endorse the other guys that are down at two or three, there’d be headlines. We have headlines, but they all endorsed me and I appreciate it very much. Many, many endorsements including from your governor and your senator.

(38:52)
I also want to introduce the South Carolina chapter of Moms for Liberty. Thank you very much. They have the best seat in the house actually. And Pickens police chief, a fantastic guy, he made this really happen. This is a big … I don’t know how many we have. I heard 75,000 people are here. It goes so far back. I cannot see the end. Unfortunately, we gave the fake news a better position, so they’re blocking the view of people that go blocks back. But it’s big. A lot of people. 75,000? Pickens Police Chief Randal Beach. Thank you, Randal. And you heard from them before, the Rushingbrook Children’s Choir, who were not treated properly. They’re here. So, we want to thank those incredible children with those beautiful voices. I wish I had a voice like them. Today our campaign is also pleased to announce

Donald Trump (40:00):

— the endorsements of over 250 grassroots leaders, representing all 46 counties in South Carolina. That’s a lot. That’s a lot. What’s left? Is there anything left? 250. I mean, how big is your legislature? How many politicians you have? Although you do love politics in this state.

(40:21)
In four incredible years under our administration, we achieved more than any president in our lifetime. So many people say that, everybody is saying that. Even the crazy Democrats are saying it. We delivered the largest tax cuts and regulatory cuts in history, and likewise, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. There’s never been an economy like what we built. We were lapping China. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars. Nobody else got 10 cents.

(40:53)
We achieved energy independence and energy dominance was just around the corner, first time in at least 72 years. We had gas prices at $1.87 cents a gallon, and even lower than that in some months. After years of Washington betrayals of South South Carolina workers, I ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, not even believable, and replaced it with the USMCA, the best trade deal ever made for our country. Although, I would say the deal we made with China might even be better. They take $50 billion a year. But you know what? I don’t even mention it anymore because of COVID, what they did to us in COVID, what they did to the world in COVID.

(41:39)
The deal was so good, the USMCA, in fact that Mexico and Canada are now trying to renegotiate it with the Biden administration. How much will they pay him, do you think? How much will he get? Don’t do it, Biden. Don’t do it. The Biden administration, because we suffered, we suffered with the worst trade deal ever. We suffered for years and now we have one that’s so good that they want to renegotiate it. I knew that because I made the deal. Had some great people, Bob Lighthizer, some others, we had some great people. I stood up to China like no administration has ever done before. I exposed China, bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs pouring into our treasury, all coming out of China, hundreds of billions of dollars, when no other president had done anything and exposed China as being an empire that is not very kind to us. A lot of people didn’t know. They said, “Oh, isn’t it wonderful?” And when China targeted our farmers, I gave our farmers $28 billion straight out of the tariffs that I took in for China, so the farmers got 28 billion.

(42:49)
So when people say that Ron DeSanctimonious is doing fine with the farmers, no, he is not. He’s not. He’s actually getting absolutely destroyed. He is getting destroyed. He’s so low in Iowa. But after you give $28 billion to the farmers, I said, you think a farmer’s voting against me? I don’t think so. But DeSanctimonious opposed my China tariffs, and he opposed helping our farmers. He didn’t want to allow that deal to be made. Gave him 28 billion, and he didn’t want it to happen. And he’s doing horribly, by the way, in Nebraska and Iowa.

(43:26)
We created the most secure border in US history, built nearly 500 miles a border wall, got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers free of charge. “Mr. President, we’d like to have your soldiers to protect our border.” I said, “No, no, no, you cannot.” “No, no, we have to have that.” “No, no, no, you will never get that.” I said, “Yes, I will, 100% I’ll get it.” “No, no, no.” I said, “Well then I’m going to be putting a tariff of 25% on all cars coming into the United States, made in Mexico,” which used to be made in the United States, and it’s going up from there. We would love to give you 28,000. So would you like some more? It was an amazing negotiation, but it gave us the strongest border that we ever had. And that was just three years ago, and now you look at what’s happening. They’re back to catch and release. They catch them and they release them in our country. And they say, “Come back. Just come back in four or five years for a trial.” Nobody comes back, because they’re too smart to come back and deported illegal alien gang members by the thousands and thousands, MS13, by the thousands, and tens of thousands, we got them out. Now, they leave them in our country.

(44:38)
We appointed nearly 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices. And this week those justices ruled to move our country forward with a merit-based system of education. How big is that? Isn’t that big? Isn’t that great? In other words, if you are a worker and you work very hard in school, you got fantastic marks, somebody that hasn’t done nearly as well, who perhaps has not worked nearly as hard, will not be taking your place on a school, college or at a university. They’re not going to be. We’re going by merit. We’re back to the old merit system that built our country. That was a big one. That was a big one.

(45:25)
And then yesterday, the Supreme Court also ruled that President Biden is not allowed to wipe out hundreds and hundreds of billions, probably trillions of dollars in student loan debt, which would’ve been very unfair to the millions and millions of people who have paid their debt through hard work and diligence. They paid their debt off, like that man right there, right? They paid it off and now somebody’s going to get free rides. No. They ruled against it 100% against it. Amazing.

(45:55)
And they also gave religious liberty a tremendous win, you know that. Not to mention the fact that one year ago, they ruled against Roe v. Wade, something said, never going to happen. And you have to know how to discuss this. Giving pro-lifers a tremendous power to negotiate and moving this issue back to the states where legal scholars and almost all others think it should be. But we now have an absolute power to negotiate. We didn’t have that power, and people that believe in life will be able to stop radical left Democrats from killing babies in their fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth month, and even killing babies after birth, because they are the radical ones. They want to sell it differently. They are the radical ones. Anyone that wants to take a baby in the fourth month, or the fifth month, or the ninth month, or even after you remember, the former governor of Virginia, the baby is born and then we decide what to do with it, would kill the baby after birth. That’s a great issue.

(47:07)
The Republicans have to understand that issue better. They have to speak about it better. Have to speak about it better. That was a big, big win. For years they were trying, 50 years, they’ve been trying to get it. I got it done and it’s a great issue for us, but more importantly, from the standpoint of the heart, from the standpoint of your soul, it is what you believe in, so you now have a great power to negotiate. Before with Roe v. Wade, you had no power at all.

(47:34)
I fully rebuilt the US military, created Space Force, defeated ISIS and brought our troops all back home. We started no wars. In fact, I was the first president in many decades who didn’t start a war. And for Israel, I kept my promise, recognized its eternal capital, opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Thank you.

Group (48:01):

We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump.

Donald Trump (48:01):

Thank you.

Group (48:01):

We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump.

Donald Trump (48:03):

Thank you very much. I love you too. I love you too.

(48:22)
We’ve got a country that’s failing though. We have to solve the problem. We have to solve it in 2024. But most importantly with Israel, except they blew it., We would’ve had a deal with Iran within literally minutes after the election, but the election was rigged and now Iran is trying to create a nuclear weapon, but we would’ve had a deal. They were dying to make a deal. I stopped China and everybody else from buying oil from them. Biden hasn’t done anything and we’re in a very grave position with what’s going on. That was one of the worst deals ever made, and now they’re willing to make an even worse deal, this administration.

(49:03)
I always fought for South Carolina, including by delivering millions and millions to your great governor, Henry McMaster, to ensure that Charleston has the deepest water port on the east coast. The deepest water port, Henry, right? How about the west coast? We have to go a little deeper. Let’s go a little deeper, Henry. Come on, let’s make it in the country. We’ll go deeper. But all of that was only the beginning. Here is just some of the bold agenda that I’ll immediately implement when we become, we become, we, we, we become the 47th President of the United States. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after I win the presidency because of you, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settle. I’ll get it done in 24 hours. I know them both very well, Zelinsky and Putin. I’ll get it solved very, very quickly. Should have never started. Should never have started. All of those people that have been killed would be alive today. All of those cities that are just absolutely demolished would be up, would be prosperous. I am the only candidate who can make this promise, and the promise is, I will prevent World War III. Nobody else is going to be able to do it.

(50:27)
I will totally obliterate the deep state. We will find the globalists, warmongers and the bureaucrats who have weaponized our justice system and we will escort them from federal buildings. We’re going to get them the hell out of government. I will end the disaster known as Bidenomics. He doesn’t even know. Two weeks ago, they used the term. He said, “What is that?” Now, he likes the term, I guess. You know what it means? It means destruction for our company. That’s destruction for our country. We will replace Biden’s tax hikes with the beautiful Trump tax cuts. We have to extend the tax cuts, biggest tax cuts in history. I will cancel every Biden regulation that’s harming South Carolina workers, and there are many, and they’re coming into being every single day. We will stop Biden’s inflation nightmare. And I will reverse every one of Biden’s globalist economic betrays, and once again, we will put America first and we’ll put it first like never before. To protect South Carolina workers and manufacturers, I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, which I have one vote right here already. And he said to me, “Gee, that sounds good. You mean one for one.” But we had some senators that I don’t think, either they had a deal made or they didn’t understand it, but it’s an incredible thing.

(51:57)
As an example of India, China or another country hits us with a 100% or 200% tariff, any tariff at all, we will hit them with the exact same tariff right back, and they will either withdraw or we’re going to take a lot of money in. I mean, we have cases, many cases, and I’m not just talking about China, the European Union is brutal, where they tax us and we don’t tax them. And we were all set to do it, until we got hit with COVID, though we had other things to do.

(52:27)
Unlike Ron DeSanctimonious, who voted to gut Medicare and Social Security and voted three times to raise the retirement age to 70, Ron voted to … and you deserve that. You deserve what that says. You worked all your life in many cases. Nobody’s going to mess around with it. He wanted to raise it to 70. That wasn’t the deal. I will always protect Medicare and Social Security for our great seniors. And in four years, I never discussed it. And one thing about a politician, when they bring it up and if they bring it up, they’ll bring it up again.

(53:05)
To stop the Marxist prosecutors who release rapists and murderers while persecuting conservatives, and by the way, the Catholic Church is under siege by these people, so I don’t know how any Catholic or any Christian could vote for it. I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical DA in America for their illegal, racist, and reversed enforcement of the law. I will immediately terminate every open borders’ policy of the Biden administration, and bring it back to what it was just three years ago, strongest border. And under Biden, other countries are emptying out their prisons, their mental institutions, and dumping everyone, including terrorists, big, big scale terrorists into the USA. Congratulations.

(54:04)
A lot of people have asked me for the parody of what we call the snake. Did anyone ever hear the snake? Did you ever hear that, Lindsay, the snake? Marjorie, you’ve heard it plenty. Does anybody want me to do the snake.

Group (54:18):

Yes.

Donald Trump (54:20):

Now, you know it is very hot. It’ll take a minute, but it is hot. Who wants the snake? Who doesn’t want the snake? Nobody. Let’s go.

(54:33)
So this is … [inaudible 00:54:37]. I don’t really need it, actually. I don’t really need it. We remember things pretty well, but this is about our border. This is about what’s happening. This is about the treachery of what’s happening on our border and the people that are coming in. Countries aren’t sending their best. They’re sending people that are, as you know, and as I said, in jails, and mental institutions, insane asylums. It’s a horrible thing. Horrible thing that’s happening. And I believe the real number is going to be 15 million people by the end of this year, Henry, so it’s going to be terrible.

(55:08)
On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor, half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. “Poor thing,” she cried, “I’ll take you in and I’ll take care of you.” ” Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night, and as soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she’d taken had been fully, fully, fully revived. “Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake.

(56:08)
She clutched him to her bosom. “You’re so beautiful,” she cried, “but if I hadn’t brought you in by now, you truly would have died.” She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying, “Thank you, ma’am,” the snake gave her a vicious bite. “Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake. “I saved you,” cried the woman, “and you’ve bitten me. But why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I’m going to die.” “Shut up, silly woman,” said the reptile with a grin. ” You knew well I was a snake before you took me in.”

(57:06)
I think it’s critical. I think it’s [inaudible 00:57:14].

Group (57:19):

We love you, Trump. We love you. We love you, Trump.

Donald Trump (57:20):

Give it to somebody. We’ll see it on eBay tonight, 10,000. But that’s our border, that’s what it is. We’re being misled and it’s vicious and violent, and criminals are coming in. These countries are very smart. I know every one of them. I know leaders, they’re very streetwise people, smart people, and they’re sending us their problems. And we’re taking in millions of problems.

(57:42)
When I’m back in office, following the Eisenhower model, we will use every necessary state, local, federal, and military resource to carry out the largest domestic deportation in American history, starting with the criminals, starting with some very, very bad criminals, many, many criminals, murderers, many, many, many criminals. To further deter illegal immigration, I will sign on day one, executive order, ending automatic citizenship for the children of illegal aliens. They come here illegally, they have children… We’re the only country in the world that does that. They come in, they have children, and now the children, you say, “Welcome aboard.” And then they bring their parents in with them later. We’re the only country in the world that does it, Henry. In addition to build on the historic progress we made at implementing strict vetting for all immigrants, I will order our government to deny entry to all communists, and Marxists as required by law. Our bigger problem is what about the communists, Marxists and fascists that have been here for a long time, the ones that are partially running our government? We got to get them the hell out too. I will immediately sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing Critical Race Theory, transgender insanity, and any other inappropriate racial, sexual or political content to our children. I will keep men out of women’s sports, and I’m the one that started that. They were all, my wonderful, brilliant people that work with, ” Sir, I’d rather not have you bring that up.” This is like two years ago. “I’d rather not have you bring that up,” they’d say, Marjorie. A consultant, they get paid all this money, they don’t know a thing. And frankly, whether they want it or not, it’s wrong, and it’s so demeaning to women, so horrible for women. You saw the other day, the weightlifter, 19 years this record, and the woman was a great champion. They put a quarter of an ounce on one side

Donald Trump (01:00:00):

… of the barbells. A quarter of an ounce, quarter of an ounce on the other. And she did everything she could. I’ll do it in the heat. It’s hot as hell out here, by the way, hot as hell. But we have to keep going, we have to trudge forward, right? Who the hell cares? You go home, take a nice cold shower, you’ll be fine. Right? But she took those barbells and she lifted them. And her parents were there and her future husband was there and they were going to watch her break the record by just a little tiny bit. Stood for 19 years. And she got up and she almost had it, but she couldn’t do it. And then comes a nice guy, who’s now transgender. They said, “Have you lifted before?” “No, not really.” “Have you had any experience with weightlifting?” “No, not much.” “Well, it’s your turn. Good luck.” “Oh, thank you very much.”

(01:00:56)
Bing, that was the end of that contest, and they beat the records by many, many, many pounds. It is so unfair and degrading for women. And you know the amazing thing, because of our crazy woke society, and I hate the word woke, actually, because nobody even has a real accurate description. It was lack of common sense more than anything else. But because of that, because of these people, even the participants are afraid to talk about it. And as you know, I didn’t do mandates and will never have a vaccine or a mask mandate. We never did. I didn’t do it, other people did. And we will protect and have protected our Second Amendment. I will defend innocent life like nobody has ever done before. Nobody’s ever done that.

(01:01:46)
50 years that we got it. And now you’re in a position to negotiate something really big because of what we did. I will bring back free speech in America and I will move heaven and earth to fully secure our elections, we have to secure. We have open borders and we have really bad and corrupt elections. And therefore, we almost don’t have a country, and soon you won’t have a country if you keep that up. Our goal will be one-day voting with only paper ballots and voter ID in all cases. But until then, Republicans must compete, using every lawful means to win. We will restore patriotic education to our schools and we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history and always salute our great American flag

(01:02:47)
And we will teach them the legend of the great general, Andrew Pickens. Nearly six years into the American Revolution, the cause of the Patriots was looking very, very bleak. It was looking bad, looked like they couldn’t do it. One by one, the Redcoats were laying waste to Southern territories, they were taking over vast amounts of land. But then the enemy made a fatal error. They came for us, the back country, they came to the back. That was not a good move. The back country, does anybody know what the back country is? Because I do. How many people are from the back country? Yes? They made a bad mistake. They came to the back country of South Carolina. And despite long odds of victory, he was given no chance, Pickens urged his South Carolina Patriots to stand strong and stand brave.

(01:03:44)
At the historic battle of Cowpens, just 60 miles from here, the enemy was fooled into believing the Americans were in retreat. But General Pickens would never retreat, and the people that knew him knew that. And he would never ever surrender. The British forces were decimated and the Patriots won a stunning victory, one of the most important victories to our freedom and to our glorious independence. Like General Pickens, all of us here today are in a battle for American liberty and independence. And like the great general, we must stand tall, we must stand strong and we must charge forward to victory. We have to do it. What we’re doing, this is insane. And I’ve been saying, people would ask me, “Who’s our biggest enemy? Is it China? Could it be Russia? Could it be North Korea? What about Iran?” I said, “No, no, no. Our biggest enemy is from within. They’re sick people from within. The communists, the Marxists, the fascists.”

(01:04:52)
Because if we have the right person running, like I was, no wars, no threats of wars. No Russia going into Ukraine, no China talking about Taiwan. Wasn’t even thinkable, wasn’t on the table. Because if we have the right person. But what do they do? They impeach him twice. They go after him like nobody’s ever been gone after. And the people of this country will not stand for it any longer. From Greenville to Great Falls, from Columbia to Clemson, and from Charleston to right here with all of you, we stand on the shoulders of generations of American patriots who gave everything they had for our country and for our freedom. Our American ancestors conquered a dangerous frontier. They tamed the wilderness, they fought the battles, they faced down the enemies, and they poured out their blood, sweat and tears to make this into the greatest nation in the history of the world. But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, where banks are collapsing and interest rates have gone through the roof. Likewise, we are a nation where energy costs have reached the highest in our history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant like we were just a few short years ago. We are a nation that is begging Venezuela and many others for oil. “Please, please, please help us,” Joe Biden says. Yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left’s Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal is fake and will lead to our country’s destruction. We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars, even though they can’t go far, they cost too much, and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China, when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States but not available in China.

(01:08:12)
We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the US just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other country would do such a thing? How could anybody be so foolish? We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world. And we are a nation that allowed Russia to devastate a country, Ukraine, killing hundreds of thousands of people. And it will only get worse under this leadership. It would never have happened with me as your president. And for four straight years, it didn’t happen. And China with [inaudible 01:09:08] is next. That’s right, China with Taiwan is next. Watch.

(01:09:17)
We are a nation that has weaponized its law enforcement against the opposing political party like never before. We’ve got a Federal Bureau of Investigation that won’t allow bad election-changing facts to be presented to the public, and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump to lie and say it was fact. Where Hunter Biden’s laptop from hell was Russian disinformation and the FBI knew it wasn’t, but 51 intelligence agents said it was and they knew it wasn’t also. And the Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud. And we have a man who is totally corrupt and the worst president in the history of our country, who is cognitively impaired and in no condition to lead, and is now in charge of dealing with Russia and possible nuclear war, which would be World War III, and far more devastating than any of the previous wars because of the weaponry that no one even wants to think about.

(01:10:34)
There is nothing like the weaponry of today. It will destroy everything. We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get and they are the enemy of the people. They refuse to discuss the Biden crime family, but enjoy covering false indictments of Donald Trump, who has done absolutely nothing wrong and almost all pundits say so. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed and where crime is rampant and out of control like never ever before. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions and trillions of dollars it has taken from us to build a military to rival or surpass our own. And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia and North Korea in check. They weren’t going to do a thing against us and everyone knows it.

(01:11:43)
They respected us and they respected your leader. Now, Russia and China are holding summits to carve up the world. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to on the world stage. We are a nation that in many ways has become a joke. We are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom and faith. We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list. We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores and openly rob them, beat up and kill our workers and customers and leave with armloads of goods, but with no retribution or retaliation. Where the authority of our great police has been taken, and they are great, and where their families and pensions have been threatened, and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words, law enforcement.

(01:13:05)
We are a nation where fentanyl and other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than formula for our beautiful little babies. A nation whose once revered airports are dirty, they’re a crowded mess. You sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won’t leave and they have no idea when it will. Where ticket prices have tripled. They don’t have the pilots to fly the planes. They don’t seek qualified air traffic controllers anymore. And they just don’t know what they’re doing. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, lost its willpower, lost its strength. We are a nation that has lost its way. But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Three years ago we were a great nation and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

(01:14:22)
2024 is our final battle. With your support this primary, we are going to finish what we started. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will drive out the globalists, we will cast out the communists, we will throw off the slick and very sick political class that hates our country. And we will rout the fake news media, we will defeat crooked Joe Biden, and we will drain the swamp in Washington, DC, once and for all. Like those great patriots before us, we will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down. Together, we will complete the mission. We will cross the finish line. We will rescue freedom, liberty, and justice and propel that spirit of July 4th, 1776. We will win a righteous and magnificent victory on November 5th, 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before. Nobody has ever seen this before, ever, ever, ever. These record crowds are massively before the election.

(01:16:00)
Nothing like this has ever happened in our country and probably any other country either. But under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one nation under God. And together we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you to South Carolina. Thank you very much, Pickens. Thank you very much and have a happy 4th of July. Thank you, everybody.

