Donald Trump (00:00):

Hello, Reno. We love Reno and very special, very special people. I’m thrilled to be back in your incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That’s what you are. And let me begin by wishing you all a very, very Merry Christmas. Very merry.

(00:24)
Remember we had to defend that term about seven years ago. We had to defend the words, Merry Christmas. We don’t have to defend it anymore. We are just seven weeks away from the Nevada presidential caucuses and on Thursday, February 8th, we are going to win the Nevada caucuses. We are then going to crush crooked Joe Biden. He is our crooked, horrible president. A horrible president. Next November, we’re going to win so big, it’s going to do something like you’ve never seen before. We are going to make America great again, even greater than we had it.

(01:08)
During this holiday season. Families all across America are struggling under the brutal weight of crooked Joe’s failures, disasters, heartless betrayals, and a thing called inflation, at a level like nobody’s ever seen before. While the stock market is making rich people richer. Thank you very much. Thank you. It is making rich people richer. Biden’s inflation catastrophe is demolishing your savings, ravaging your dreams. His sky-high energy prices are brutalizing your wallets. Our border has been erased. We have no border any longer. Criminals are running wild in our Democrat run cities, while Christians and conservatives are persecuted. And thanks to crooked Joe’s breathtaking weakness, the world is going up in flames. The world is laughing at us. They can’t blame. I tell you what. They can’t blame us. This is the USA. They’re not blaming us. They’re blaming him. He is a laughing stock all over the world. Our country is being laughed at.

(02:23)
Joe Biden and the Democrat Party are incapable of solving any problem. There’s not a problem they’ve been able to solve. Crooked Joe… You know this. Did you ever hear this? Crooked Joe is a low IQ individual and he is truly the worst, most incompetent, and most corrupt president in the history of our country. In fact, Jimmy Carter is very happy because he looks like a brilliant… That was a brilliant administration by comparison to what you have right now. Very, very brilliant indeed.

(03:05)
But with your vote in this election together, we are going to save America. We’re going to bring back our country and we’re going to bring it back from hell because that’s where it’s been. Not one thing has gotten better under crooked Joe Biden. Not one thing. Name one thing. Does anybody out there? Do you have any Biden fans? Are there any Biden fans in this big crowd? After three years of Bidenomics, he thinks the term is good. No, it’s a bad term, not a good term. You know the one he doesn’t like? MAGA. He talks about MAGA. It’s called Make America Great Again. He doesn’t like it. He doesn’t like it.

(03:55)
The average monthly mortgage payment is gone from $1,746 under my administration to $3,322 under the Biden administration. And then you have to ask, were you better off five years ago or are you better off today? You’re a lot better off five years ago, And you think what a difference a president makes? Makes a big difference. I had no idea, to the extent. Frankly, I didn’t realize it until well into the administration when you see all the things we did, we’re going to cover them; biggest tax increase in history. When we had had the biggest tax decrease ever. Ever. Think of it. Ever in history of our country. The biggest tax cut, the biggest tax decrease, in the history of our country. The biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country. The best job numbers in the history of our country. The real job numbers, not the fake job numbers that they give.

(04:57)
The next economic boom will begin the instant the world knows that crooked Joe Biden is gone and we have four more years of President Donald J. Trump and you, together. Together. But you weren’t just better off financially under President Trump, you’re also much, much safer when President Trump was in the White House. I mean, how unsafe is it? Friends of mine that live here, you don’t even think of it, but friends of mine that live here, they’re under siege. They say they’re houses are being robbed. Their cars are being stolen. Who the hell thought of it? I never even thought it was here. I didn’t think you had the problem here. You have it all over the country. The lawlessness is unbelievable but we are going to give law enforcement back their authority. We’re going to give it back. They have to have it back.

(05:58)
Under our leadership you were safer, your family was safer, your communities were safer, your children were safer, your borders were safer, and your whole country was safer, a lot safer. Three years ago, we had the most secure border in US history. We built 561 miles of border wall. We got Mexico to give us, free of charge, 28,000 soldiers. Thank you very much. We ended catch and release. We let our great ICE agents do their job and we deported over one million illegals in my very first term; one million, back to their country.

(06:39)
Our border had never been stronger, but then crooked Joe came in and he launched an invasion against our country. This is an invasion. This is like a military invasion. Drugs, criminals, gang members and terrorists are pouring into our country at record levels. We’ve never seen anything like it. They’re taking over our cities.

(06:59)
Under Biden, you have the highest number of illegal border crossings in the history of our country, by far the highest number of illegal visa overstays, and by far a new record being set every single week on drugs and every other lousy thing that’s coming into our country.

(07:19)
But as soon as we win the election, the momentum of our great victory will immediately begin stopping the hordes of illegal alien migrants who are charging across our border by the hundreds of thousands. Just like three years ago, the invasion will end. It ended with us. When we came in, it just ended. We had to do a lot of work, but it ended. We had great people. Brandon Judd, border patrol. Tom Homan. We had just unbelievable people. If they would’ve just left it alone, you were setting every record. They took everything we did. They didn’t finish the little sections of wall. We had built it. It was there. All they had to do is put it up. They actually sold those sections of wall for 5 cents on the dollar. Can you believe it? All they had to do is put it up.

(08:13)
But people will know that I will catch them. We will catch them. We’ll catch them together. We’re going to send them back. We’re going to send them out of our country. Given the unprecedented millions of Biden illegal aliens who are invading our country, it is only common sense that when I’m reelected, we will begin. And we have no choice. The largest deportation operation in American history. We have no choice.

(08:46)
Crooked Joe has left us, no choice. They’re coming in by the tens of… They’re coming in. I believe the number by the end of this administration will be at least 15 or 16 million people. They come from prisons. They come from mental institutions and insane asylums. Many are terrorists. They’re catching record numbers of terrorists, but the ones that they don’t catch, those are the bigger problems because they’re coming in at levels that nobody’s ever seen before. This is a problem that our country’s going to have. We have to take care of it very quickly and local law enforcement will help and they’ll help a lot. And I want to thank them. A lot of them are here.

(09:26)
In fact, I shook so many hands of policemen and law enforcement. This hand. They tend to have very strong hands and when you shake hundreds of them, they have very, very powerful hands. “Sir, thank you very much.” “Thank you, sir.” One guy’s fingers, like sausages. “Sir, do you mind if I shake your hand?” “Absolutely.” And he’s crying a little bit because he’s happy. He hasn’t cried since he was about one month old. ” Sir, do you mind if I shake? We have to save our country. May I shake your hand, sir?” “Yes.” You go, “Aww.” But that’s okay. We do it. We do it for our country. And our country will pay a big price for this madness if we do not do what we have to do. We have to clean up our country. We have to get all the criminals. We have so many criminals being dumped into our country.

(10:29)
I read an article recently, in a paper. It’s a fake newspaper, but I assume the article was true. Most of them are unfortunately. Look at it back there. But most of them are. And it was by a man and about a man who runs a mental institution in South America. And by the way, they’re coming from all over the world. They’re coming from Africa, from Asia all over but this happened to be in South America, and he was sitting reading a newspaper, sort of leisurely, and they were asking him, “What are you doing?” “I was very busy all my life. I was very proud. I worked 24 hours a day. I was so busy all the time. But now I’m in this mental institution,” where he’s been for years. “And I’m in the mental institution and I worked very hard on my patients, but now we don’t have any patients. They’ve all been brought to the United States.” This is what’s happening. This is what’s happening. And I read that. And you can multiply that by hundreds and even thousands of different places all over the world.

(11:37)
They’re all being dumped. We’re like a dumping ground. It’s not going to last long. You better win this election for us. You got to win it. Got to win it. Because they cheat like hell. Like they cheat, like hell. It’s the only thing they do good is, they cheat on elections. For the past three years, crooked Joe Biden and the ultra radical left democratic extremist in Congress, have turned America into a haven for blood-thirsty criminals, savage gang members like MS-13, very nice people. We’re sending them back, at levels that you’ve never.

(12:17)
We set records on sending MS-13 back. By the thousands. We sent them back. Now they stay here in luxurious conditions. They stay here now in better conditions than our Vets. Our Vets aren’t treated good, but MS-13. And they send in dangerous inmates emptied out of the prisons. They come out of the prisons. They come out of, they say in the back, “Oh, please sir, don’t mention the words, insane asylum.” But they come out of insane asylums, all over the world and mental institutions. Insane asylum is a mental institution on steroids. That’s Hannibal Lecter. Hannibal Lecter. You ever hear of him? Silence of the Lip. That’s what we got. We got him coming in and this is not good. That’s like an explosion waiting to happen.

(13:10)
Just days ago, we learned that an illegal alien wanted for murder in Mexico, secretly violated our border and was discovered in Las Vegas. They believe he’s killed two people. Last year, another sadistic, illegal alien murder with a previous criminal record went on the stabbing spree on the Las Vegas strip, killing two people and badly wounding six more badly. Badly.

(13:34)
In Texas this month, the body of a 16-year-old high school cheerleader, you know about it. You’ve been reading about it, a lot, was discovered by her mother in a bathtub, legs hanging out of the bathtub, stabbed to death and murdered by an illegal alien after she missed the Christmas parade. My mother said, “Where is she?” The Christmas parade. She never showed up to the Christmas parade. She was killed by an illegal alien.

(14:02)
Tens of thousands of Chinese nationals are pouring in, unchecked, unvetted going who knows where? We don’t know. They have no idea. They have no idea. They’re coming in. 27,000 Chinese men age 20 to 24, 25. No women. No older people. No younger people. About 20 to 24, 25 years old. The perfect age for an army. Is that what they’re doing? They’re sending men in.

(14:35)
So has anybody heard the snake? I mean, we have a long time. The football games are terrible. They’re boring. Would anybody like to hear the snake? What the hell? Good. We just happen to have a copy. I do this for Reno. We do it in special places, but it’s a metaphor of what’s going on at your border. And it’s a metaphor as to what will happen in Reno, in Nevada, all over the place. It’s a metaphor. It’s a very accurate, an old song that we worked on a little bit, but a metaphor as to what’s happening with illegal immigration and I think you’ll understand it very quickly. You sure you want it? Yeah. No. People love it. They love it. I wish they didn’t love it. I wish we didn’t have to say it, but it’s very accurate.

(15:38)
On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake. Her pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. “Poor thing,” she cried, “I’ll take you in and I’ll take care of you.” “Take me in, ‘O tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, ‘O tender woman,” cried the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night, and soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she’d taken in had been revived.

(16:23)
“Take me in, ‘O tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, ‘O tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. “You’re so beautiful.” She cried. “But if I hadn’t brought you in by now, you truly would’ve died.” She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed him and held him tight. But instead of saying, “Thank you, ma’am,” the snake gave her a vicious bite. Bite, bite, bite.

(16:56)
“Take me in, ‘O tender woman. Take me in for heaven’s sake. Take me in, ‘O tender woman,” sighed the vicious snake. “I saved you,” cried the woman. “And you’ve bitten me. But why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I’m going to die.” “Shut up, silly woman,” said the reptile with a grin. “You knew damn well I was a snake, before you took me in.” Does that remind you? Does that remind you of anything? Be ready. Be ready. Because what they’re allowing into our country is very, very bad. Very, very, very bad. And I think that’s about as accurate as you could get, put in an interesting forum, right? It’s a very interesting form. Are we glad we did that? Yes. It’s sad that we have to do it. Common sense would say, we should never even have to be talking about a thing like that. Who would allow people to pour into our country that are from prisons and from lots of other places that you don’t want to talk about?

(18:13)
On my first day back in the White House, I will terminate every Open Borders policy of the Biden administration, and I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act to remove all known or suspected gang members, drug dealers, or cartel members, from the United States, ending the gorge of illegal alien gang violence once and for all.

(18:40)
When I took out the MS-13, again by the thousands, we had a problem because you couldn’t get them back into the various countries from where they came. And I’ll never forget the people in the White House coming up to me saying that the Obama administration… Has anybody ever heard of Barack Hussein

Donald Trump (19:00):

… Obama. Remember Rush? Barack Hussein. Remember Rush Limbaugh? He would talk about Barack Hussein Obama, Rush gave him the presidential medal of freedom. He is missed, greatly missed. Man of great common sense. Forget about conservative, liberal who caress. I mean, he was a man. We want to deal with common sense, right? We want borders. We want good education. We want low interest rates. We want a strong military. We want as fewer regulations as we can have. But you think of it, you think of it, Rush Limbaugh, so many people, we’ve lost so many great people. So many great people that got it. They were people of common sense. Just common sense. And that’s what we need. We need common sense.

(19:48)
We’re the party of common sense, the Republican Party. You like strong borders, right? You don’t want people coming in from prisons and mental institutions. I will shift massive portions of federal law enforcement to immigration enforcement, including parts of the DEA, ATF, FBI and DHS, and I will make clear that we must use any and all resources needed to stop the invasion of our country, including moving thousands of troops currently stationed overseas in countries that don’t like us. They laugh at our current president. They think he’s a fool and we shouldn’t be there. We shouldn’t be there. We have to protect our own borders first

(20:36)
Before we defend the borders of foreign countries. We have to get our act together. We have to be able to do it for ourselves. I will also use Title 42 to end child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their home countries immediately. So these people told me though, just to finish the story, they told me that, “Sir, you’re not going to be able to bring the gang members back to their countries. They won’t accept them.” Oh, that’s nice. You mean they send them? Absolutely. They send them in caravans. They send them up.

(21:13)
They dump them in our country. That’s why they have empty jails. That’s why their jails are… You know what they save? You know what… They don’t want them for 50 years in jail or more or less. They don’t want them. They don’t want MS-13. They don’t want these killers and murders. So they said, “Sir, they won’t take them.” They put planes, big planes on the runway. So when our plane comes in loaded up with people, they had to go away and they put bus stops. They put all of these stoppers, big stoppers.

(21:40)
You blow out the tires. They have them to the ground. They pop up. They blow out the tires of our buses and vans as we bring them back into the various countries, Honduras, El Salvador, different countries, all different countries. They come from a lot of different countries. So what happens? Guatemala, lot are from Guatemala. So what happens is they said, “You’ll never get it back.” I said, “How much money do we pay those countries in foreign aid.” “Sir, we pay them $750 million.” It’s a lot. Not big compared to what some countries get stupidly, but we pay them 750 million. I said, “Please inform them that starting tomorrow morning they’re not getting any more foreign aid.” So about an hour after we informed them, I got a call from all three of them, but separate. And they said, “Sir, there seems to be a problem, a misunderstanding.” I said, “Yeah, there is. For 10 years, 15 years you wouldn’t take these people that you send back and they send them, don’t kid yourself. They don’t want them in their country. They send them up in the caravan. You wouldn’t take them back, right?” And they said, “No, that’s not my understanding, but we would be very happy to talk.” I said, “Here’s the story. If you don’t take them back, you’ll never see anything from the United States in terms of foreign aid. Nothing.” And all three of them, they didn’t even have to hang up the phone. They said, “Sir, we would be greatly honored to take back MS-13 killers. We would greatly be honored to take back murderers and thugs of all type. This would be our great honor. We hope you’re happy, sir, are you happy?” I said, ” Yes, but I still didn’t pay them the money. I held it back.”

(23:34)
And to keep America safe from terror, that was a big deal because they wouldn’t take a back. We were stuck with them and Obama and Biden, I doubt that he was very much involved, but Obama and the Obama administration, including crooked Joe Biden would not take them back, would not make any deals. All they did, all they did was accept the fact that these countries wouldn’t take them back. I got a thing called a telephone. You can do a lot with a telephone. You can do a lot. I did it with France. They were going to put taxes on American companies, big taxes, and I gave it to my people and my people worked on it. They couldn’t do anything. It was done. They said it was done, and my people came back. They’re good people, but they aren’t me and they’re not you. And they came back and they said, “Sir…” Macron, they spoke to Macron, very nice gentleman, but he’s for France and he is the wise guy, but he’s for France and we are for the United States of America, right?

(24:39)
“Sir, we spoke to Emmanuel Macron.” I said, “Well, that’s the right guy. What did he say?” He said, “No, this deal is done. I’m sorry. We can’t do anything.” So this went on for two months and I said, “All right, now let’s handle it properly.” I called up Emmanuel Macron, head of France, absolute head of France. I said, “Emmanuel, you’re going to tax American companies. That’s not fair.” “No, no, no. It is too late to discuss this.” I said, “Well, that’s okay, but here’s the story. If this goes into effect next week when it was supposed to go into effect, I am going to put a 100% tax on all wine and champagne that comes into the United States from France.”

(25:27)
And he said, “No, no, no. Donald, you cannot do that, Donald. That is not fair.” I said, “That’s not fair that you’re taxing our companies. You’re not taxing other companies.” “No, no, no. This is not fair.” I said, “Here’s this, sir, you have 15 minutes to tell me whether or not you’re going to take the tax off.” “I will call you back, Donald.” Calls me back, “We have decided to remove the tax, all taxes.” And my guys worked on it. They know who they are. My guys over at Treasury, they worked on it for a period of about two and a half months. I did it in two minutes, but we did many, many. I could tell you story after story like that. It’s about common sense. It’s about protecting our nation. It’s about putting America first. Isn’t it really about putting America?

(26:17)
I will immediately restore and expand the Trump travel ban on an entry from terror plague countries, and I will implement strong ideological screening for all immigrants. If you hate America, if you want to abolish Israel, if you sympathize with Jihadists, then we don’t want you in our country. We don’t want you. Crooked Joe Biden puts China first, puts Asia first, puts Ukraine first, puts illegal aliens first, environmental maniacs first. Everyone else first. He puts everybody first. That’s bad. But he puts America last. He puts Nevada last. He puts our workers last. He frankly puts unions last. Look what he did with the car. They’re going to make all electric cars in our country, but not when I’m in there. I’ll end that the first day. He puts our families last.

(27:21)
He puts everything last that’s good. I put Nevada first and I put America first every single time, and that’s what we did. That’s what we did. It’s no wonder crooked Joe and the far left lunatics are desperate to stop us by any means necessary. They’re willing to violate the US Constitution at levels never seen before in order to win. They’re dirty players. They played dirty, they weaponized justice. There are a bunch of dirty players. Look at what they’re doing right here to Michael and great people in this state. It’s a disgrace. Joe Biden is a threat to democracy. They’re weaponizing law enforcement for high level election interference because we’re beating them so badly in the polls. The Harvard Harris poll just came out today, has us leading Republican primary field by 56 points. This is leading. This is leading. This is leading by 56 points with Trump at 67%. Ron DeSanctimonious at 11, and Nikki Haley at 10, where’s the surge? Where’s the surge? They kept saying, “Oh, she’s surging.” She went down a point and I went up 10 points last week and they do a story that she’s…

(28:49)
And she is surging compared to him, so if you read the story, that’s what they meant because I’m like 70 points above them. If you read the story they meant she’s surging compared to DeSanctimonious, but you have to read the story, but it said Haley surges compared to… Not compared to me because I went up, the new Fox Poll just came up. I guess I went up like seven or eight points, nine points. She went up two points, three points, and he’s either even or went down. Then they say she’s surging because she went up a couple of points on him, but she went way down compared to me. I’ll tell you what, the media is so fake. They’re so terrible. [inaudible 00:29:31]. In addition, one just came out a little while ago, as I’m walking up, the new Clarity Poll has Trump at 74, DeSanctis at 10 and Haley at 6. In the new McLaughlin Poll of Nevada we’re at 75% while DeSanctimonious is at 60 points behind us.

(29:58)
He’s at 15, so think of that, we’re at 75, just came out. We’re at 75. The DeSanctimonious is at 15, so we’re leading by 60 points. But here’s the thing you got to do, [inaudible 00:30:11], just go vote. Don’t think about it. Pretend we’re tied, pretend we’re losing by three. You got to do this because the worst thing is everyone thinks, “Oh, what do we have to vote for? Trump is killing them, and then bad things happen when that…” Pretend we’re losing. Assume that we’re down by three, four, or five, okay? You don’t want to do what the Washington Post does and others where they make it so that it doesn’t make sense. In Wisconsin for two elections, they put me down in Wisconsin at 17, I’m 17 down, right? I said, “No way I’m 17 down. No way.”

(30:45)
I asked John McLaughlin the great pollster, I said, “Why would they do that? I’m winning in Wisconsin.” He said, “They do that because that way people don’t vote.” I said, “What do you mean? Well, why don’t they do it like at 5:00? Because they do get killed when they lose.” He said, “They don’t care about that. At 17 people won’t vote. They’ll say, we love Trump, but we’re not going to vote for him. At 5:00 they say, he has a chance. We’ll vote.” I said, “Wow, that’s really sick, huh?” That’s what it is. That’s how bad they are that we won Wisconsin. They had us down 17 and we won Wisconsin, and then we did, frankly better the second time where we did better in most places the second time. People say, “How’d you do the second time?” I say, “We did much better.”

(31:25)
If you take a look, we got millions more votes a second time, and the new Rasmussen Poll of general election we’re dominating Biden by 10 points. That’s a lot because a friend of mine said, “How come you’re only winning by 10 or 14 points? There’s another one 14 points.” I said, “How could he be possibly that close?” But they have a lot of people voting for them that aren’t going to vote for us. But I’ll tell you, a lot of the people that would normally vote for them, like the union people are voting for us other than the top people in the unions and even some of the top people in the unions are going for us, this could be an incredible situation. African Americans, we have the highest poll numbers we’ve ever had. Hispanic Americans, we have the highest poll numbers the Republican Party has ever had.

(32:18)
We could actually win with Hispanics. I mean, it was unthinkable two or three years ago, we won the state of Florida. We did so well in Texas. We won the state of Texas and all of the border towns voted for Trump, and they’re about 85, 90% Hispanic and won every single town along the border. First time in… They say the first time since reconstruction. You know what reconstruction means? That means the Civil War. I said, “Give me a definition of reconstruction to the governor of Texas who endorsed me recently, by the way, as did almost everybody else.”

(32:57)
But I said, “Give me a definition, governor of reconstruction, you said, I am the first one to win all of these towns since reconstruction,” said, “Well, reconstruction since the Civil War.” That’s a long time ago. That’s pretty good. So Hispanic, we’re doing well, we’re doing great with women. Finally, we’re doing great. I think we’ve always done well with women. I think we’ve always done well with women, did very well. The reason we do well is they want security. Women want security. They want to have strong borders. They don’t want to have crime. Little things like they don’t want to have crime, and the Bloomberg Morning Consult Poll has us beating crooked Joe in every single swing state, by a lot, but with all of that, they cheat like hell.

(33:46)
So we have to get out. We got to watch them. We’re not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2020. We’re not going to allow it. The Washington Post had a poll two weeks ago. It came out. I was 10 up, then I was 11 up. They made a mistake and they actually put out a statement that this must be wrong, this poll, they paid like a million and a half dollars for a poll, and they’re hoping it’s wrong. Can you imagine that? It’s the fake news. And then they went back and redid it and actually picked up a point.

(34:24)
But those are the polls. I mean, we’re up 10, 11, 12 points, which is considered to be a lot. They start off with a base. We don’t, we have to earn ours, and we ran in 2016, we ran the whole East Coast. We won Florida, we won Georgia. We won South Carolina. North Carolina. We won. We won just about everything on the East Coast, and then we started. Then we went to the farm belt. We won everything. We were winning everything, and it was a big upset. I didn’t think it was an upset. We’d go, we’d have crowds like this, and she’d have come out. Hillary Clinton, did anybody ever hear of beautiful Hillary? I don’t use crooked anymore because… No, no, I don’t use crooked anymore. You know why? Because I moved that name over to Joe.

(35:11)
I thought it was more accurate, but we just won it all. And they said, “You read that story, Time Magazine, cover of Time magazine.” They couldn’t help themselves and look what’s happened to our country. We wouldn’t have inflation. We wouldn’t have had the Israel disaster. We wouldn’t have Ukraine and Russia fighting. None of this. And they didn’t. People said, “How do we know they didn’t fight?” It was not going to happen. I spoke to Putin. I know him very well. I spoke to him. I spoke to President Xi. He would never have gone into Taiwan. That could be next, would never have gone into Taiwan, and we wouldn’t have inflation because our energy prices were low.

(35:49)
Energy caused inflation and energy has destroyed many families. Energy is considered very strongly. Energy is considered a country killer. If you look back over history, 200, 300 years, anytime there’s inflation, countries die. And we have the highest inflation we’ve had in many, many, many decades. Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I considered a great badge of honor. It’s a great badge of honor because I am being indicted for you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

(36:26)
I don’t know, I hear different stories. Did anybody ever hear of the great Alphonse Capone, Al Capone? Great head of the Mafia, right? Mean scarface. He got a scar that went from here to here and he didn’t mind at all, but he was a rough guy. Now I heard he was indicted once. A couple of people told me a few times more, but I was indicted four times, an Al Capone, Alphonse. If he had dinner with you and if he didn’t like the way you smiled him at dinner, he would kill you. You’d be dead. By the time you walked out of the nice restaurant, you would be dead. He got indicted once, I got indicted four times, over bullshit I got indicted, bullshit.

(37:39)
I got indicted over election interference so they could try and damage me and something happened that nobody’s ever seen before. My numbers went way up because the people get it, and I believe they’ll check this for me, but I believe that they’ll find that I’m probably the only person in history that got indicted and the

Donald Trump (38:00):

The numbers went up. I can’t imagine. When you get indicted. I’ve seen it many times. If you’re a politician, you get indicted. You announce, “I will be resigning office. I will go home to my family and I will fight for my name.” That’s it. That’s the end. You never hear from the guy again. That’s the end of him. But with me, I let it be known how fake this stuff is. It’s so fake. These people are sick. These people are sick and they’re willing to fight dirty and they’re willing to do dirty elections and everything else necessary. Never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom. That’s what I do. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you.

(38:47)
And in the end, they are not after me. They’re after you. And I just happen to be standing in their way. I am in their way. I always will be. This is far more than a campaign. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country by far. Nobody even challenges that. The fake news back there. Oh, there’s a lot of news back …

(39:14)
You see that big red light on the camera? All of a sudden, when I start talking about them, that light goes off, they turn it off. They go, “Get it off! Get it off!” No. We have some great journalists and reporters, but mostly, for the most part, they’re corrupt and fake. Hence the term fake news. That was a good one. We have a lot of good ones. We are engaged in a righteous crusade to liberate this nation from a corrupt political class that is waging war on American democracy.

(39:46)
And I’m telling you, Joe Biden is a threat to democracy. He’s a threat to democracy. And you know one of the primary reasons he’s a threat? Because he’s incompetent and because he’s allowing people in the White House to run this country, that’s why. If you put me back in the White House, their reign will be over and America will be a free nation once again.

(40:17)
So we have some great people with us today. We’re thrilled to be joined tonight by state Senator Ira Hansen. Ira? Where is Ira? Thank you, Ira. Thank you for the endorsements and all of the other things. Nevada Assembly member Alexis Hansen. Thank you, Alexis. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you back there. Ken Gray and John Ellison. Ken, John, thank you. Thank you very much. A tremendous man, a tremendous guy, gets treated so unfairly and he loves this country and he loves this state. Nevada GOP Chairman Michael McDonnell, he’s a fantastic man. Where is he? Thank you. Thank you, Michael. Incredible guy. Vice Chairman Jim Hindle. Jim? Thank you, Jim.

(41:17)
This is a big place. A lot of people here. Clark County GOP Chairman Jesse Law. Fantastic man. Fantastic man. Thank you, Jesse. Great job you’re doing, a great job but treated very unfairly. Washoe GOP Chairman Bruce Parks. Thanks, Bruce. Great job. Good to meet you, Bruce. Great to meet you. Commissioners Jeanne Herman, Scott Keller, Wes Rice, Jay Carmona, and Tammy Hendrix. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Jay. School board members Tom Hendrix and president of the Nevada Federation of Republican Women, Caroline Smith.

(42:06)
Thank you. These are great people, great patriots. We have so many other political people we won’t bother. Please forgive us. This is a big crowd. They don’t want to hear this stuff, but these are great people. Together we will continue to fight for Nevada and fight for America like no one has ever fought before. In our first four years, we appointed nearly 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices. I kept my promise, recognized Israel’s eternal capitol, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

(42:44)
That was a big deal. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something that nobody thought would happen, and maybe most importantly of all, but Biden did nothing with it, I withdrew from disaster. It was a disaster, the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. It was a disaster, but he didn’t do anything with it. He would have done something. Iran was broke. They were broke. You could have made a great deal but he just sat around and now they got plenty of money as you’ll hear and with the historic Abraham Accords, I even made peace in the Middle East. They would have been filled up. They would have all signed but nothing happened there either. We fully rebuilt the US military, created Space Force, which is very important, and I was the only president in decades who didn’t start a war. Instead, I got us out of endless wars and I also defeated ISIS. We defeated ISIS. We defeated ISIS. It was supposed to take four years. I got it done in four weeks.

(43:52)
We will once again have peace through strength when we become the 47th president of the United States, all of us, and I am the only candidate who can make this promise to you. I will prevent World War Three and we’re very close to World War Three. We’re very close. We have never been closer to World War Three. We have a man who’s grossly incompetent and corrupt leading these, they’re not even negotiating. There’s nothing to negotiate. They’re not negotiating. There’s nothing happening, and we’re in a very dangerous position.

(44:38)
And the primary problem is the power of the weaponry, nuclear weapons and all. This is not Second World War. You hear me say it with army tanks going back and forth, shooting each other. This is not that. These are weapons of mass destruction. These are weapons so powerful, I don’t even want to talk to you about it. They’re so powerful. We didn’t want to ever mention the words nuclear. We didn’t want to talk about it. Now, every day you read about nuclear, nuclear, nuclear, and we have a man who’s incompetent leading discussions. But the worst problem is there are no discussions.

(45:11)
We will restore law and order to our communities, and I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical out-of-control prosecutor in America for their illegal racist in reverse enforcement of the law. I am also going to indemnify all those policemen that were shaking my hand back there. You better be listening. Police officers, law enforcement, please listen. But we are going to indemnify police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States from being destroyed by the radical left for taking strong actions on crime. They’re going to be indemnified. We’re going to pay them for their costs, for their lawyers.

(46:07)
Policemen have to go, in many cases, hire a lawyer to protect themselves. The state doesn’t want to get involved. These people are crazy what they’re doing to our country. Policemen are forced not to do anything when they want to. And under the threat of losing their pension, their house, their family, they lose everything and they’re afraid to move. They have to be. Anybody would be. They lose their house, their family, they lose everything. They lose their pension, and we’re going to indemnify them, do the job. They can do the job and they want to do the job when they’re standing there in front of a department store that’s being looted by 400, mostly kids, but other people, too, and they want to do something so badly, but they’re told not to because there’s liability. They’re not going to have any more liability. They’re going to do their job. They’re going to stop it. We’re not going to let that happen anymore.

(47:04)
In addition, we will take over our horribly run Washington, D.C. and clean up, renovate, and rebuild our Capitol so that it is no longer a nightmare of murder and crime. You see what’s happening, but rather will become the most beautiful capitol anywhere in the world. It’s a mess. It’s a filthy, disgusting mess. Our parks will be cleaned, our tents and graffiti, all of these tents and graffiti right in the middle of the most beautiful parks in the world. Those tents and graffiti will be removed. Slum areas will be demolished and rebuilt to the highest level of architectural elegance. Washington, D.C. will become a symbol of beauty, security, freedom and strength, not what it is now. Not what it is now.

(47:59)
In addition to our Capitol, we are going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope, safety, and beauty better than they have ever been before. We are going to focus on our cities. In theory, a president doesn’t get involved. You rely on a governor. You rely on the mayors. That’s what we did with COVID. We relied on governors and mayors. Some governors were great, some governors weren’t. Some mayors were good, some mayors weren’t. But that’s what you’re supposed to do.

(48:26)
When it comes to crime, we’re going to get very much involved because I watched and I stood by and I watched Minneapolis. I watched Portland. I watched so many different places just burn, burn, violently burn. And I saved Minneapolis because we sent in the National Guard, even though I wasn’t supposed to. It was supposed to be a governor thing, not a presidential thing, but we saved it. It was burning down. I remember CNN standing there and the anchor was saying, “This is not a big problem. This is a very peaceful demonstration.” Do you remember? And behind him, the whole skyline of the city was on fire, right? Did you see that? And I saw that and I sent them in and we stopped it. You wouldn’t even have that city right now.

(49:11)
It will be the greatest investment ever made in these cities, and we will work closely with Democrat leaders. They are all run by Democrats, if you can believe it. But we’ll work closely with the Democrat leaders of all these failing places to make sure that this rebuilding will be a lasting and compassionate one. It’ll be a great rebuilding. Safety will again be restored so that our children can go out with their parents, mother and father, and play in the park without being beat up, molested, or shot.

(49:47)
Students will be able to walk to school in peace. Criminal rates will plummet and people will just long to move back to the cities again. I’ve longed to move to Manhattan. When I was young, I grew up in Queens, I wanted to move to Manhattan. I wanted to show my father and my mother how smart I was. “I’m going to move to Manhattan.” But I did. It was really a dream for me to move to Manhattan. Now people are moving out and they’re moving out of our cities. All of our cities. Look at Chicago, look at Los Angeles, look at San Francisco, one of the greatest cities in the world. 15 years ago. Look at what’s going on. We’re going to make those cities great again.

(50:27)
We came up with a plan. We were going to build new cities, and I thought that was good. I liked the idea. A very conservative plan, by the way. They put it forward. And I liked the idea. We talked about it for a while, but then I realized why would we want to build 10 new great cities when our cities are all in trouble because they’ve been so badly run. I said, “I’d rather rebuild our existing cities and we can worry about the new cities at a later date.” Does that make sense?

(50:57)
So we’re going to rebuild our cities and we’re going to make them safe. We’re going to make them safe. We’re going to rebuild our Capitol. We’re going to take it. We’re going to run it through the federal government, and it’s going to be properly run. It’s going to be safe. We’re going to make it safe. We’re going to get rid of the slums and we’re going to build magnificent buildings and parks. We’re also going to stand up to the radical left communists, Marxists, fascists, and frauds who have taken over our universities. They’ve taken over our schools.

(51:29)
They have destroyed the reputations of once highly … These were really highly respected schools like Harvard, MIT, Columbia, Stanford, University of Pennsylvania, and others, indoctrinated our youth and brought censorship and anti-Semitism to our campuses.

(51:50)
And did you hear those dumb people in Congress the other day? They couldn’t answer the simplest question that anybody would be able to answer, whether it’s one side or the other, you can answer that you cannot allow that to happen. That’s all they had to say. Instead, they had a legal sentence. Whoever the lawyer was that briefed them should be fired immediately. They’re all looking for jobs, I guess. Under the Trump administration, if colleges and universities discriminate against conservatives, Christians, Jews, anybody, if they attack free speech, we are going to take away their tax advantages, grants, and endowment. And they will pay a steep price and billions of dollars for the terror they have unleashed into our once great country. They’re unleashing terror into our country. We’re not going to stand for.

(52:48)
And, by the way, our country is not great any longer. Our country is a very troubled nation. But we’re going to make it great again. But our country is not great right now. It’s so sad when I say, “Our great country,” but our country is not great right now. It’s a total mess. Our country is a mess. Our country is no longer feared or respected. Four years ago, it was greatly respected and feared. I’ll say it. They were feared, but it was greatly respected. Today, though, we’re considered a joke, a laughingstock. I will rapidly end Crooked Joe Biden’s inflation nightmare, end this war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. We’re going to drill. And unlike Ron DeSanctimonious, we will always protect Social Security and Medicare for our great seniors. He wanted to knock the hell out of Social Security and Medicare. We’re also going to fight to give you much better health care. Obamacare is a catastrophe for American families, and it has been for years.

(54:03)
Even Elizabeth Warren, did you ever hear of her? Often referred to as Pocahontas because of her great Indian heritage. Did you ever hear of Pocahontas? She said she was an Indian. She got into schools because she was an Indian. She got into schools. Think of it. She got jobs because she said she was an Indian until Trump came along and revealed the truth. But even Pocahontas says that it has to be fixed. She believes it has to be fixed. We’re going to make it much less expensive for people with much better health care, and we’re going to get that done.

(54:43)
We almost got it done, but John McCain voted against it. That was a bad day. Remember that? Thumbs down after campaigning for 10 years, thumbs down everybody. Let’s put your thumb down. Campaigned for 10 years on it. And then he put his thumb down. So somebody will explain that to me someday. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children. And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. And who can believe I would have to say this? I will keep men out of women’s sports. Can you believe? And as I did for four years, and it wasn’t easy, I will fully uphold the Second Amendment. I will protect innocent life and we will restore free speech in America once again.

(56:11)
Very importantly to me, along with the border, just about as important it gets. We have to have strong borders, but we have to have secure elections and we will secure our elections, but we have to get going. Look, our goal will be one day voting with paper ballots and voter ID. Very simple.

(56:33)
But until then, Republicans have to win. We have to win to put us in that position. We got to win. You know the way you win? You have to swamp them, because they’re going to cheat like hell, but not like last time. I don’t believe it was … They’re going to cheat like hell. We have to swamp them. If you swamp them, they can only cheat so much. That’s what happened in ’16. But they weren’t really prepared because they had no idea that we, we were that popular. They had no idea. If you took the 10

Donald Trump (57:00):

… the worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration has done. If you want to save America from crooked Joe, then get every patriot and get them out to vote in their local caucus meeting on Thursday, February 8th. Go with Michael McDonald and all of the great people that are working so hard to turn your state around. You got to get out there. You got to vote. And again, remember please, they say we’re going to win by a lot. Don’t count on it. Just get out and vote. Otherwise, bad things happen. It’s happened before. Bad things can happen. Remember, we’re not talking about the meaningless government run universal mail-in ballot primary on Tuesday, February 6th. They have another, they have a primary, which doesn’t matter because you have caucus and there will be no delegates awarded for the primary, so it really is, as I said it, the caucus is the only way to vote for President Trump.

(58:09)
It’s safe, it’s secure, transparent, but it’s also the only one that counts. It’s February 8th. February 8th. Bring in as many people as you can. Sign up at nv.donaldjtrump.com. That’s very important. Get out and vote even if you think we’re going to have a massive landslide. Don’t believe those polls as I said, assume you’re one point, two points or three points down. Together we’re taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents in our history. There’s never been anything like it. And in conclusion, it doesn’t matter how hateful and corrupt the communists and criminals are we’re fighting. We’re fighting against some really vicious people within our country. We have vicious people outside, but I believe truly that the people inside of our country are far worse because we can handle with the right president, in particular president, we can handle China or Russia. We can handle North Korea, Kim Jong Un. I saved us from a nuclear war. If Hillary Clinton got in, you would’ve ended up with millions of people being killed in a nuclear war.

(59:24)
We can handle that if we have the right president, but what’s very difficult are these corrupt communists that we have within our own country. They’re very dangerous people, and you must never forget, this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, it belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right. From Las Vegas to Carson City, from Henderson to Minden and from Elko to right here in Reno, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and to defend our freedom. Nevada was founded by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth. This state was built by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, laymen, builders, innovators and trailblazers who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover Dam, transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis and lit up the brilliant lights of the Las Vegas strip. That’s what it is. Our American ancestors risked everything to make this into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

(01:00:53)
But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years where banks are collapsing and interest rates are skyrocketing. Likewise, we are a nation where energy costs have reached the highest levels in our history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just a few short years ago. We are a nation that is begging Venezuela and others for oil. “Please, please, please help us,” Joe Biden says, and yet we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country anywhere in the world. We are a nation that just recently heard that Saudi Arabia and Russia will be reducing their oil production while at the same time substantially increasing the price. And we met that threat by announcing that we will we no longer be drilling for oil in large areas in Alaska or elsewhere, anywhere in our states. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left’s Green New Deal, yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal is fake. It is really the green new scam.

(01:03:18)
We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars despite the fact that they can’t go far, cost too much, and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States but is not available in China. And now we are a nation that wants to make our revered and very powerful army tanks the best in the world, all electric, so that despite the fact they are also not able to go far, fewer pollutants will be released into the air as we blast our way through enemy territory, at least in an environmentally friendly way. And they also want to make our jet fighters with a green stamp of energy savings through losing 15% efficiency. That’s all we’ll lose, sir. That’s all we’ll lose. But allowing us to keep our enemy’s atmosphere clean of emissions as we viciously and unceremoniously attack them at levels never seen before. Who are these people that would do this to us? Who are these people? It’s so sad. It’s so sad. It’s so sad.

(01:04:51)
We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the US just as the price of oil reached an all time high. What country would do such a foolish and self-destructive thing? Can we be energy independent or even energy dominant ever again? Yes, oh yes. And quickly says President Trump. Yes, oh yes and quickly. We can. We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan leaving dead soldiers, American citizens and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world behind. And also abandoning Bagram, one of the biggest military bases anywhere in the world and only one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. One hour away where weapons of mass destruction are being produced. And we left it, one of the biggest in the world. And we are a nation that allowed Russia and Ukraine to fight killing hundreds of thousands of people and it will only get worse. It would never have happened with me as your president.

(01:06:11)
And for four straight years it didn’t happen. Likewise, the horrifying attack on Israel would never have happened. They wouldn’t even have thought of doing such a thing if President Trump was in the Oval Office. They would not have even thought about it. Iran was broke under President Trump. They didn’t have the money to fund Hamas, Hezbollah and all of the other instruments of terror that they can now fund very easily. But those sanctions were lifted by a corrupt Biden administration and now Iran as a rich country with $200 billion and another 6 billion for hostages and $10 billion for electricity to Iraq all compliments of the incompetent Biden administration. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that allows radical left terrorists to violently attack our cities, leaving behind massive destruction and death. And nothing happens to the criminals that do these terrible things. There is no punishment. But when people who love our country protest in Washington, they become hostages and prisoners unfairly imprisoned for long periods of time. We are a third world nation that has weaponized its law enforcement against the opposing political party like never, ever before.

(01:07:38)
We’ve got the Federal Bureau of Investigation that won’t allow bad election changing facts to be presented to the public and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump to lie and say it was actually fact. Where Hunter Biden’s laptop from hell was rushing this disinformation and the FBI knew it wasn’t, but 51 intelligence agents said it was. And a Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud. And we have a man who is totally corrupt and the worst President of the history of our country who is cognitively impaired and in no condition to lead and is now in charge of dealing with Russia at possible nuclear war, which would be World War III and far more devastating than any of the previous world wars because of the weaponry involved, because of the power of the horrible, horrible weaponry. We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get and they are indeed the enemy of the people.

(01:08:56)
They refuse to discuss the Biden crime family, but enjoy covering the false indictments of Donald J. Trump who has done nothing wrong except win an election. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed and where crime is rampant and out of control like never before. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions of dollars it has taken from us to build a military to rival our own. And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia and North Korea in check. They respected us. They were afraid of us. They were never going to do a thing to us and everyone knows it. Now Russia and China are holding summits to carve up the rest of the world. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer admired, respected, or listened to on the world stage. We are a nation that in many ways has become a joke and we are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, faith, and even to God.

(01:10:13)
We’re a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list. We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores and openly rob them, beat up and kill their workers and customers and leave with armloads of goods but with no retribution. Where the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law and order. We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than groceries to feed our beautiful families. We have become a drug infested, crime-ridden nation, which is incapable of solving the simplest of problems. We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers where each dealer is responsible for the death, during their lives, of 500 people or more. This is the the only thing that will work.

(01:11:33)
Let me know when you’re ready. Mothers will never again be forced to watch their children overdosing and hopelessly dying in their arms screaming, “What can I do? What can I do?” We are a nations whose once revered airports are a dirty crowded mess. You sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won’t leave and they have no idea when they will, where the ticket prices have tripled. They don’t have the pilots to fly the planes. They don’t seek qualified air traffic controllers and they just don’t know what the hell they’re doing. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, willpower, and strength. We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Three years ago we were a great nation and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hard-working patriots like you who built this country and it is hard-working patriots like you who are going to save our country. We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state, we will drive out the globalists, we will cast out the communists, we will throw off the sick political glass. We will rout the fake news media. We will drain the swamp and we will liberate our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. We will be liberated. Like those patriots before us, we will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up and we will never, ever back down. With your support, we will go on to victory, the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House and we will take back our country on election day 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer. We will love our country. We will take care of our country. We will pray to God for our strength and for our liberty. We will pray for God and we will pray with God. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you Reno. Thank you Reno. Thank you Nevada. God bless you all. God bless you.

